About omaxe

Since 1987, Omaxe has been relentless in its approach to providing world-class services in real estate and has a varied portfolio comprising Integrated and High-Tech Townships, Group Housing, SCOs, Shopping malls, and Hotels to name a select few.
The journey of Omaxe started when first-generation entrepreneur Mr Rohtas Goel laid the foundations to undertake the Construction and Contracting business in 1987. Omaxe launched its first real estate project with executive floors in 2001 in Gurugram. From those humble beginnings to being listed in NSE and BSE in 2007 to becoming a company with a net worth of 1638 crores in 2020, Omaxe has come a long way.

Since 1987 Omaxe has stayed true to its motto of “Turning Dreams into Reality” by providing customers with their dream living spaces. This has been vindicated by the long-standing relationship that Omaxe has with its customers and the smiles it has earned through the years for its exceptional work.

Omaxe built its first integrated 85-acre township in Greater Noida in 2003. Since then it has built several marquee projects like Omaxe Connaught Place which was the winner of “THE BEST UPCOMING MALL IN INDIA” and Omaxe Chowk - a project built on the PPP model with the GOI, and has now spread its wings in 29 cities across 8 states and is truly committed to building a new India.

But Omaxe’s outstanding work doesn’t stop with its projects. As part of its corporate social responsibility, it has taken great strides in various sectors like health, education, community development, etc. to change the world for the better.


OUR MISSION
We strive to build time-honored relationships with our customers and stakeholders by creating world-class living spaces for them.

OUR VISION
Our dream is to create an institution that people look up to. As true professionals, we are committed to the growth of India.

1983
Mr. Rohtas Goel started his professional career in the field of civil engineering.

1987
Mr. Rohtas Goel started his professional career in the field of civil engineering.

1989
Mr. Rohtas Goel incorporated the company as Omaxe Builders Pvt. Ltd.

Mr. Rohtas Goel incorporated the company as Omaxe Builders Pvt. Ltd.
1992
Mr. Rohtas Goel was joined by Mr. Sunil Goel in his vision of expanding Omaxe.

2001
Launched its first Real Estate Project with Executive Floors in Gurgaon.

2003
First Integrated Township, spread across 85 Acres - NRI City, Greater Noida.

2004
Launched, The Forest - Noida Ultra Luxury Apartments Brand.
2006
Entered Lucknow and Indore Markets with integrated townships and life

2007
Successful IPO - Listed on NSE & BSE. The initial public offer of the company was oversubscribed by nearly 70 times.

2010
The company entered New Chandigarh market and created sensation with a 700 plus acres integrated mega township. The same year, Mr. Mohit Goel joined the company as an executive trainee.

2012
Established, Omaxe’s presence in 27 Cities across 8 states - Uttar Pradesh, Madhya Pradesh, Punjab, Haryana, Uttarakhand, Rajasthan, Delhi, Himachal Pradesh.

2015
Omaxe Connaught Place, Greater Noida - Awarded The BEST UPCOMING MALL IN INDIA at the INDIAN RETAIL CONGRESS.
2017
This was a year of immense pride, with a record delivery of 100 mn.sq.ft. - 31.8 mn.sq.ft. in construction contracts and 68.2 mn.sq.ft

2018
During the slowdown, Omaxe touched new heights with the Chairman’s foresight, ensuring a significant presence in Tier II and III cities since a decade. This was enhanced by the passion and energy of Mr. Mohit Goel. His special training in entrepreneurship by Mr. Rohtas Goel, leadership skills and proven track record saw him being invited by the board to join as the CEO.

2019
Omaxe forayed into an ambitious mega project, 'Omaxe Chowk' at Chandni Chowk in PPP model with Government of India's redevelopment policy. Project is aimed at developing organised retail in Asia's one of the largest wholesale market while enhancing much needed parking facility in the busy area of walled city of Delhi.

2020
Mr. Jatin Goel was designated as Director - Operations. His educational background, special training in entrepreneurship by Mr. Rohtas Goel in leadership skills, professional exposure & global outreach, saw him earn the coveted position. Omaxe now moves with a new pace and explores new spaces with the joint direction of Mr. Mohit Goel and Mr. Jatin Goel.

2021
Vision of the Next Decade “To make Omaxe an institution to look up to, being professionally driven, with a vision dedicated to the growth of India.”

2022
After a grand success of Omaxe Chowk, Omaxe has bagged a 50-acre project from DDA in Dwarka to develop a sports complex and retail space in PPP model. This Marquee project will facilitate the sports infrastructure of global standard and will be the first development by the DDA in PPP model. Extending our arms in Ujjain City this year. Coming up with new projects in Lucknow, Chandigarh, Indore and Ludhiana


AWARDS & RECOGNITION
Though our greatest achievements are the smiles we have spread across our customer's faces, it still feels great to be recognized for our efforts.



RESEDENTIAL PROPERTIES

NEW CHANDIGARH
Established in 2014, New Chandigarh is the newly planned ultra-modern smart city in Mullanpur, Mohali district in the state of Punjab. Surrounded by pristine greenery, New Chandigarh is the new address of the elegant urban people of Punjab. The city developed by GMADA is built to sustain the ecology of the surrounding area. Since it is a satellite town of Chandigarh, people are gradually migrating to this more exclusive location to live a hassle-free life.

With a recent upturn in economic activity post-pandemic, there has been a rise in the demand for real estate. People are also looking for exclusivity but accompanied by all the conveniences that a gated community provides, like clubs, restaurants and round-the-clock security. Real estate in New Chandigarh is poised to become one of the top investment options in the coming years because of the steady influx of people from nearby areas, especially Chandigarh.

Omaxe has built a self-sustainable and ecology-oriented swanky township in New Chandigarh, which is a feather in the cap of the brand Omaxe, which has now spread its wings in 28 cities across 8 states

ABOUT NEW CHANDIGARH TOWNSHIP

Spread over a verdant area of 1000 acres, Omaxe New Chandigarh is the contemporary destination for the sophisticated people of Punjab. With nine projects already delivered and nine under construction, Omaxe, New Chandigarh has a varied portfolio of 2BHK,3BHK,4BHK, Penthouses, Villas, S+3 and G+2 independent floors. It also includes the India Trade Tower- a premium and burgeoning business hub of New Chandigarh. 

4500 families have already moved into this greenery-enmeshed township which boasts of all the modern amenities like a modern clubhouse, state-of-the-art gymnasium, playgrounds for kids, jogging tracks, fountains, sophisticated 24 hours security, etc. to name a few. The Township has the additional benefit of being sandwiched between a modern Medicity on one side and a distinguished Education City on the other. 


EXPLORE OUR EXCLUSIVE PROJECTS

Explore the range of our residential and commercial properties spread across New Chandigarh
THE LAKE
Location: The Lake Chandigarh Project Type: 1/2/3/4 BHK Apartments & Penthouses RERA Regd. No: PBRERA-SAS80-PR0040 PBRERA-SAS80-PR032
price: 68 LAKH -  2.81 CRORE
Project Status: Under Construction
OVERVIEW
Spread across 25 acres of land and surrounded by lush greenery, the ultra-luxurious residential development – The Lake - in New Chandigarh is perfect for those who want to live a posh and polished life.
Nestled in greenery, the project would give you an opportunity to embrace the green necklace that would bring peace and calmness to your life. Chuck the heat and dust of the city and welcome the flower-scented fresh breeze that will freshen you up to take on the rigours of the day.
Close to schools, hospitals, local markets, shopping complexes, Chandigarh city, a botanical garden, an upcoming health village, and an amusement park, the project area also offers easy access to Nalagarh, Baddi, and Mohali. Forget traveling far and wide as The Lake brings the world closer to your place and fulfills most of your requirements at the very doorstep.
Step into the elegantly designed 1/2/3/4 BHK flats and penthouses that would offer an international lifestyle at a fast-growing locale. The flats here are innovatively designed keeping in mind the requirement of the 21st-century generation which add to their value. Sink your teeth into your favorite pastime be it swimming, jogging, cycling, gyming, or cut down your flab with a game of basketball or tennis, etc. A range of amenities at The Lake in New Chandigarh would ensure that you do not face the slightest of boredom and enjoy every moment of your stay here.
If you are on the lookout for a premium residential project in Chandigarh then The Lake by Omaxe Group presents a wonderful option with the rapidly developing infrastructure, booming commerce, and abundant amenities New Chandigarh has created a growing demand for houses here. So, what are you thinking of? Chuck the concrete and make a greener retreat! The Lake presents a wonderful option.

PROJECT WALKTHROUGH
Go through the project features, location, connectivity, etc. in vivid detail for a better understanding of the project.
Link:https://youtu.be/egb-XBkaxi0
TOP REASONS TO BUY THE PROPERTY
Properties from Omaxe have it all, whether you want a home or return on investment
Ultra Luxury
Swimming Pool
Jogging & Cycle Track
Fully Equipped Gym & Spa
Health Club
Hi-Tech Security
Car Parking
Restaurant
Club Facilities
Basket Ball & Tennis Court
Club
Theme Based Architecture
Meditation
Kids Play Area
Healthclub & Jacuzzi
Fire Fighting


FLOOR PLANS
Here we present a thoughtful and ingenious layout of your own independent floor.

2BHK
TYPE 3- 1285
Mystic - Second Floor
Type: 2 BHK
Area: Type 3 - 1285
Dining Room1 Balconies2 Bedrooms2 Kitchen1 Bathrooms

TYPE 1- 1285
Mystic - Typical
Type: 2 BHK
Area: Type 1 - 1285
Balconies2 Bedrooms2 Kitchen1 Bathrooms2

TYPE 1- 1285
Mystic - Ground Floor
Type: 2 BHK
Area: Type 2 - 1285
Balconies2 Bedrooms2 Kitchen1 Bathrooms3

3BHK
Caspean A&B Typical Plan
Type: 3 BHK
Area: 1820-1885

Caspean A&B Ground & First Floor
Type: 3 BHK
Area: 1530-1885

Caspean A&B Second Floor
Type: 3 BHK
Area: 1530-1885 Type 2

Caspean DEF Ground & First Floor
Type: 3 BHK
Area: 1530-1920

Caspean DEF Second Floor
Type: 3 BHK
Area: 1530-1920 Type 2

Caspean DEF Typical Plan
Type: 3 BHK
Area: 1850-1920

Emerald AB Typical
Type: 3 BHK
Area: 2300-2760 Type 1

Emerald CD Typical
Type: 3 BHK
Area: 2300-2760 Type 2

Victoria Typical
Type: 3 BHK
Area: 1530-1580

Victoria Ground & First
Type: 3 BHK
Area: 1260-1580

Victoria Second
Type: 3 BHK
Area: 1260-1580 Type 2

4BHK
Isabella - Ground Floor
Type: 4 BHK
Area: Type 1 - 4400
Balconies3 Bedrooms4 Kitchen1 Bathrooms4

Isabella - Lower Penthouse
Type: 4 BHK
Area: Type 1 - 9400
Balconies3 Bedrooms4 Kitchen1 Bathrooms

Isabella - Second Floor
Type: 4 BHK
Area: Type 2 - 4400
Balconies3 Bedrooms3 Kitchen1 Bathrooms4

Isabella - Typical
Type: 4 BHK
Area: 4850
Balconies3 Bedrooms4 Kitchen1 Bathrooms4

Isabella - Upper Penthouse
Type: 4 BHK
Area: Type 2 - 9400
Balconies3 Bedrooms4 Kitchen1 Bathrooms4

Caspean A&B Penthouse
Type: 4 BHK
Area: 3700

Caspean DEF Penthouse
Type: 4 BHK
Area: 3770

Emerald Ground
Type: 4 BHK
Area: 1850-2760 Type 1

Emerald Second Floor
Type: 4 BHK
Area: 1850-2760 Type 2

Emerald Lower Penthouse
Type: 4 BHK
Area: 4450-5300 Type 

Emerald Upper Penthouse
Type: 4 BHK
Area: 4450-5300 Type 2

Victoria Penthouse
Type: 4 BHK
Area: 3110

SITE PLANS
Get a bird’s eye view of the placement you’d like for your very own home in Omaxe The Lake, New Chandigarh.


SITE PLANS
Get a bird’s eye view of the placement you’d like for your very own home in Omaxe The Lake, New Chandigarh.

LOCATION MAP
Check the project’s location and connectivity status with the rest of the world on the map. Master plan helps you to see the future lay-out of the project and surrounding areas.

LOCATION PERKS
New Chandigarh is the first eco-city of Punjab. Hub of non-polluting industries like IT and hospitals Education city coming up in the vicinity Proximity to Shivalik range Medicity coming up in the Vicinity. Ease of connectivity through Dakshin Marg and Madhya Marg


Why Should You Consider Omaxe New Chandigarh As Your Dream Home? 
Omaxe New Chandigarh is a swanky township surrounded by greenery; has efficient parking spaces and enjoys superb connectivity to Chandigarh City.

Where Is Omaxe New Chandigarh Located?
 The project is located in Mullanpur, Chandigarh. 

Is Omaxe New Chandigarh Approved By Banks? 
ICICI Bank, LIC Housing Finance Ltd and 2 more have approved the project. Home loans can be availed for New Chandigarh from these banks.

What Kind Of Flats Are Available In Omaxe New Chandigarh? 
The flats range from 1bhk to 4bhk and have commercial spaces and SCOs.

What Are The Amenities Nearby Omaxe New Chandigarh? 
The township is close to an upcoming Medi City and also EduCity-a premium educational hub. 


Omaxe Chowk to go under fit-out soon

New Delhi, May 10, 2022: With footfall and sales in malls nearing pre-covid levels, there is a growing buzz among retailers to occupy premium space across several high potential retail properties. Omaxe Chowk in Delhi’s Chandni Chowk, expected to go under fit-out soon has been witnessing an increase in visits by several national and international brands in the last few weeks. 
Jatin Goel, Director, Omaxe Ltd. said: "Brands have shown a great deal of enthusiasm and are waiting for its opening with a lot of expectations. Several national and international brands and traditional businesses from Delhi and around India have visited Omaxe Chowk in the last few weeks. Many have already signed up." 
Omaxe Chowk is a multilevel parking cum commercial project which is being developed in PPP model with North Delhi Municipal Corporation in Chandni Chowk - Delhi’s oldest and one of the biggest wholesale and retail markets. The project is of utmost infrastructure and heritage value and keen observers of the retail industry are of the opinion that not just traditional businesses but established brands have been eyeing Chandni Chowk for a long period of time. Its redevelopment has upped the sentiments of not just retailers but also tourists and shoppers. 
Goel adds, "The lack of organised space in Chandni Chowk has prevented brands from entering this market.  Omaxe Chowk has presented them with this opportunity which will help tap into approximately 4 to 6 lakh visitors who visit Chandni Chowk daily.” 
The availability of parking for approximately 2200 cars and a proposed entry from Chandni Chowk metro station into Omaxe Chowk will generate organic eyeballs for brands. The pedestrianisation of 1.3 KM stretch between Red Fort and Fatehpuri Masjid and the inquisitive nature of human behavior - A Mall in Chandni Chowk - will further drive footfall into Omaxe Chowk- located opposite Sis Ganj Gurudwara and at a 5 min walk from Red Fort, Old Delhi Railway Station, Gauri Shankar Mandir, Jain Mandir and famous markets like Bhagirath Palace, Kucha Mahajani, Nai Sadak etc. 
Omaxe Chowk is working towards enhancing the retail and shopping experience through modern amenities like pollution-free and clean spaces and bringing under one roof a plethora of brands. 
The construction of Omaxe Chowk is progressing at a breakneck speed.


OMAXE PLOTS
Location: Omaxe New Chandigarh Project Type: Developed Plots RERA Regd. No: PBRERA-SAS80-PR0034
price: 50 LAKH -  2 CRORE
Project Status: Under Construction

OVERVIEW
Omaxe New Chandigarh, a modern integrated township, proposed over 800 + acres in New Chandigarh, offers plots in different sizes ranging from 115 to 1000 sq. yards enabling you to create the home of your dream entirely as per your specifications.

Enjoy living in a home where every corner is designed to nurture your mind, body, and soul. Moreover, Omaxe New Chandigarh also offers independent floors and villas, giving people a range of options to choose from.

The location of Omaxe New Chandigarh is another great USP that tilts the scale in its favour. Close to the upcoming metro line, bus terminal, and Sarangpur Industrial Area, and PGI Chandigarh, Omaxe Plots will bring the world of convenience to your doorstep.

Moreover, there would be no dearth of well-developed social amenities like healthcare, hospitality, landscaped gardens, children’s park, jogging track, underground drainage, medical facility, and club with ultra-modern facilities that add to the value and charm of Omaxe New Chandigarh. The township also plays host to one of Punjab’s tallest commercial hubs, the India Trade Tower.

Surrounded by Shivalik hills and a botanical garden, there would be no dearth of greenery in and around Omaxe New Chandigarh that would give you fresh air and a largely unpolluted environment. Located in the vicinity of Chandigarh, New Chandigarh is all set to become the next big real estate destination.

The first eco-town of Punjab, the area is well connected to Chandigarh and can offer more space for new development with better planning. Possession has already started for Phase I and Phase II while Phase III plots are getting ready for possession.

What Are The Property Types Available At Omaxe Plots?
Omaxe Plots would be available in different sizes ranging from 115 to 1000 sq. yards. And would give you the freedom to choose the one as per your requirements. You can then create your dream abode exactly as your liking.

What Is The Size Of Omaxe Plots?
Omaxe New Chandigarh, a modern integrated township, proposed over 800 + acres in New Chandigarh, offers plots in different sizes ranging from 115 to 1000 sq. yards enabling you to create the home of your dream entirely as per your specifications.

What Is The Status Of Omaxe Plots?
Omaxe Plots is under the construction phase and can well be counted as one of the most anticipated projects in the city and comes packed with a range of modern amenities that would make it very easy and hassle-free for any business to function from here.

Where Is Omaxe Plots Located?
Located close to the upcoming metro line, bus terminal, and Sarangpur Industrial Area, and PGI Chandigarh, Omaxe Plots will bring the world of convenience to your doorstep. Enjoy living in a home where every corner is designed to nurture your mind, body, and soul. Moreover, Omaxe New Chandigarh also offers independent floors and villas, giving people a range of options to choose from.



CELESTIA ROYAL PREMIER
Location: Celestia Royal Premier - Omaxe New Chandigarh, Chandigarh, Punjab, India Project Type: Stilt + 4, 3BHK Independent Floors RERA Regd. No: PBRERA-SAS81-PR0406 PBRERA-SAS81-PR0403

OVERVIEW
Set in the cradle of greenery and surrounded by gardens with different themes, Celestia Royal Premier at New Chandigarh would fulfill your desire of living in a world-class residence in a largely pollution-free surrounding.

Wake up to the gently flowing morning breeze that would rev you up for the day. Spending time in a lush green environment would trigger a psychological response that would reduce stress levels and would lead to mental and spiritual healing that would put your body and mind at complete ease.

The location of Celestia Royal Premier is another great USP of the project as it will connect you to several social amenities like schools, shopping malls, hospitals, bus stops, banks, parks, office complexes as well as IT Parks that would ensure that you do not have to travel far and wide for your everyday requirements.

The accommodation at Celestia Royal Premier would be available in stilt + 3/4 BHK independent floors designed to meet the requirements of 21st-century families. Moreover, the presence of a modern clubhouse and a slew of well-thought amenities would ensure that you do not face a moment’s boredom and enjoy hassle-free and pleasurable living.

Competitively priced, elegantly designed, strategically located, world-class amenities, and a most recognized address, Celestia Royal Premier is amongst one of the most sought-after residences in entire Chandigarh and boasts a fan following that keeps on growing with every passing day.

CELESTIA ROYAL PREMIER Perks of Location
Kendriya Vidyalaya Mullanpur Garibdass: 1.5 Kms Bajwa Institute: 2.5 Kms Government Model Senior Secondary School: 3 Kms Bhabha Cancer Institute: 0.5 Kms Kings College Hospital: 1 Kms Public Hospital and Laboratory: 2.5 Kms

FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS
What Are The Property Types Available At Celestia Royal Premier?
Celestia Royal Premier would include stilt + 3/4 BHK independent floors designed to meet the requirements of 21st-century families and would be competitively priced, elegantly designed, and strategically located

What Is The Size Of Celestia Royal Premier?
Celestia Royal Premier would be spread over an area of 1000 acres of land and would be one of the most spacious residential societies in Chandigarh and would be equipped with a range of amenities that would ensure that you enjoy a comfortable and hassle-free living experience.

What Is The Status Of Celestia Royal Premier?
Celestia Royal Premier is under the construction phase and can well be counted as one of the most anticipated projects in the city and comes packed with a range of modern amenities that would make it very easy and hassle-free for any business to function from here.

Where Is Celestia Royal Premier Located?
Located in New Chandigarh, Celestia Royal Premier will connect you to several social amenities like schools, shopping malls, hospitals, bus stops, banks, parks, office complexes as well as IT Parks that would ensure that you do not have to travel far and wide for your everyday requirements.



OMAXE SILVER BIRCH
Location: Omaxe New Chandigarh Project Type: 3BHK, 4BHK, G+2 Independent Floor RERA Regd. No: PBRERA-SAS80-PR0033
Price: 60 LAKH -  1.12 CRORE
Project Status: Delivered

OVERVIEW
Spread across a whopping 1400-2755 sq. ft., Omaxe Silver Birch in New Chandigarh is a luxurious residential option for all those who prefer to live their life king-size. Enjoy living in 3/4 BHK, G+2 independent floor that would give you ample space to live freely without feeling cramped. Lavish interiors and elegant design would add style and grace to your abode while fulfilling your desire of living in world-class homes.

Omaxe Silver Birch is also surrounded by well-developed social amenities like hospitals, restaurants, banks, parks, schools, and petrol pumps that can take care of most of your requirements at the very doorstep thus sparing you the inconvenience of traveling long distances for everyday requirements. The area is also very well supplanted by different modes of commuting which would ensure that you can travel to any part of the city at any point in time.

Omaxe Silver Birch also boasts of a range of well thought of amenities that would ensure that you do not face a moment’s boredom and enjoy every moment of your stay here. Some of the prominent amenities offered here would include swimming pool, clubhouse, multipurpose room, children's play area, and much more.

Omaxe Silver Birch Perks of Location
Guru Gobind Singh Vidhya Mandhir Senior Secondary School: 3.47 Km The Gurus Academy: 3.65 Km Bhabha Cancer institute: 3.57 Km Public Hospital and Laboratory: 3.87 Km

FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS
What Are The Property Types Available At Omaxe Silver Birch?
Omaxe Silver Birch will include 3/4 BHK, G+2 independent floor that would give you ample space to live freely without feeling cramped. Lavish interiors and elegant design would add style and grace to your abode while fulfilling your desire of living in world-class homes.

What Is The Size Of Omaxe Silver Birch?
Omaxe Silver Birch would be spread over an area of 1400-2755 sq. ft. and would be surrounded by well-developed social amenities like hospitals, restaurants, banks, parks, schools, and petrol pumps that can take care of most of your requirements at the very doorstep thus sparing you the inconvenience of traveling long distances for everyday requirements.

What Is The Status Of Omaxe Silver Birch?
Omaxe Silver Birch is under the construction phase and can well be counted as one of the most anticipated projects in the city and comes packed with a range of modern amenities that would make it very easy and hassle-free for any business to function from here.

Where Is Omaxe Silver Birch Located?
Located in New Chandigarh, Omaxe Silver Birch offers a luxurious residential option perfect for all those who prefer to live their life king-size. World-class amenities, spacious and airy flats, top-quality construction materials, and lush green settings are some of the USPs that add exclusivity to the project and give it an edge over others.



AMBROSIA
Location: Omaxe New Chandigarh Project Type: S+3 3BHK Independent Floor RERA Regd. No: PBRERA-SAS80-PR0032
Project Status: Delivered

Overview
CTRL+ALT+DEL stress from your life and enjoy blissful living in the arms of nature at Omaxe Ambrosia in New Chandigarh. Spread over an area of 8 acres with 5 giant parks Omaxe Ambrosia would give you an opportunity to soak in the sun amidst lush greenery in your backyard.

Musical fountains here amidst lush greenery would add a touch of elegance to your home making it exclusive and special. Wake up to the chirping of birds and the refreshing morning breeze and return home to blissful evenings. Omaxe Ambrosia would take you on a roller coaster ride, a fun vacation that would never end!

The strategic location would give you hassle-free access to several city attractions and keep you connected to the city while the tree-lined avenue would give you a feel of living close to nature away from the concrete jungle.
A slew of other amenities like a pedestrian jogging/walking track, reserved greens, well-maintained gardens, spa facilities, etc. would ensure that you would never be short of activities that would make your life exciting and fun at Omaxe Ambrosia.

Ambrosia Perks of Location
Ferozpur Bus Stop: 2.4 KM Bajwa Institute: 3.9 KM Shopping Mall: 2.2 KM Homi Bhabha Cancer Hospital and Research Centre: 5 KM State Bank of India ATM: 2.8 K

FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS
What Are The Property Types Available At Omaxe Ambrosia?
Omaxe Ambrosia will include S+3 3BHK independent floors marked by elegant interiors and wide balconies that would give you a wonderful opportunity to enjoy the fabulous views outside. A slew of amenities like a pedestrian jogging/walking track, reserved greens, well-maintained gardens, spa facilities, etc. would make your life exciting and fun at Omaxe Ambrosia.

What Is The Size Of Omaxe Ambrosia?
Omaxe Ambrosia would be spread over an area of 8 acres of land with 5 giant parks. Wake up to the chirping of birds and the refreshing morning breeze and return home to blissful evenings. Omaxe Ambrosia would take you on a roller coaster ride, a fun vacation that would never end!

What Is The Status Of Omaxe Ambrosia?
Omaxe Amrosia is under the construction phase and can well be counted as one of the most anticipated projects in the city and comes packed with a range of modern amenities that would make it very easy and hassle-free for any business to function from here.

Where Is Omaxe Ambrosia Located?
Located in New Chandigarh, Omaxe Ambrosia would give you an opportunity to soak in the sun amidst lush greenery in your backyard. Feel the breeze, hear the chirping of birds, and enjoy a leisurely walk. At Omaxe Ambrosia nature would cover your health and prove to be the healing factor!


OMAXE MULBERRY VILLAS
Location: Omaxe New Chandigarh Project Type: G+1 Duplex RERA Regd. No: PBRERA-SAS80-PR0033
Project Status: Delivered

OVERVIEW
Omaxe Mulberry Villas in Chandigarh promises a premium living experience in G+ 1 elegantly designed luxurious duplex/villas spread over 400/500 sq. yd. The presence of green lawns here would not only make your living space more inviting and luxurious but would also make your home’s air a lot cooler and purer.

The master bedroom at the luxurious Omaxe Mulberry Villas would be encompassed with laminated wooden flooring that would give the place a touch of royalty. The modular kitchen here would be designed to meet the requirements of the 21st-century household with ample space for placing modern appliances. The bathroom, on the other hand, would be modeled on European style that would measure up to your refined taste and preferences.

OMAXE MULBERRY VILLAS Perks of Location
Ferozpur Bus Stop: 2.4 KM Bajwa Institute: 3.9 KM Shopping Mall: 2.2 KM Homi Bhabha Cancer Hospital and Research Centre: 5 KM State Bank of India ATM: 2.8 KM

What Are The Property Types Available At Omaxe Mulberry Villas?
The master bedroom at the luxurious G+ 1 luxurious duplex/villas at Omaxe Mulberry Villas would have laminated wooden flooring that would give the place a touch of royalty. The modular kitchen here would have ample space for placing modern appliances while the bathroom would be modeled on European style that would measure up to your refined taste and preferences.

What Is The Size Of Omaxe Mulberry Villas?
The G+ 1 elegantly designed luxurious duplex/villas at Omaxe Mulberry Villas would be spread over 400/500 sq. yd. while the presence of lush green lawns here would not only make your living space more inviting and luxurious but would also make your home’s air a lot cooler and purer.

What Is The Status Of Omaxe Mulberry Villas?
Omaxe Mulberry Villas is under the construction phase and can well be counted as one of the most anticipated projects in the city and comes packed with a range of modern amenities that would make it very easy and hassle-free for any business to function from here.

Where Is Omaxe Mulberry Villas Located?
Omaxe Mulberry Villas is located in Chandigarh and enjoys a strategic location that offers easy access to a host of prominent addresses that would drastically reduce your commuting time.


CELESTIA ROYAL
Location: New Chandigarh Project Type: S+3 3/4 BHK Apartments RERA Regd. No: PBRERA-SAS80-PR0034 PBRERA-SAS80-PR0033

Price: 68.11 LAKH -  92.62 LAKH
Project Status: Delivered

OVERVIEW
Elegantly planned and strategically located, Celestia Royal is set amidst lush greenery that would fulfill your desire of living away from the hustle and bustle of the city, close to nature. Moreover, top-quality construction materials would keep the project going for years without much maintenance.

Celestial Royal also enjoys a strategic location and falls close to the main highway that connects it to Kurali – Chandigarh Road. The area also has well-developed social amenities like multiplexes and shopping malls that can take care of most of your requirements at the very doorstep.

The accommodation at Celestia Royal would be available in 3/4 BHK spacious apartments that would free you from the inconvenience of living in tiny homes. Moreover, the flats here would be strong and earthquake resistant that would stand firm even against severe environmental catastrophes.

The amenities offered here would be selected with great care and would go a long way in ensuring that those living here do not face the slightest of inconvenience and enjoy hassle-free living. Some of the prominent amenities offered here would include a clubhouse, fountains, playground for kids, and many more that would ensure that the residents here do not face slightest of boredom and enjoy pleasurable living.

CELESTIAL ROYAL Perks of Location
Sahibzada Ajit Singh Nagar: 4KM Indus Super Speciality Hospital: 4KM JW Marriott Hotel: 5 KM Max Super Speciality Hospital: 3 KM

FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS
What Are The Property Types Available At Celestia Royal?
Celestia Royal will include 3/4 BHK spacious apartments that would give you ample space to move about without any inconvenience. Wide balconies would be another great attraction here as these would not only add a dash of beauty to your home but would also give you a wonderful opportunity to enjoy the fabulous views outside.

What Is The Size Of Celestia Royal?
Each flat at Celestia Royal would be spread between 1596 sq. ft. to 2550 sq. ft. which would give you ample space to move about without any inconvenience. Laced with a range of well-thought-of amenities, Celestia Grand would give you an opportunity to enjoy a premium living experience with all the privileges of life.

What Is The Status Of Celestia Royal?
Celestia Royal is under the construction phase and can well be counted as one of the most anticipated projects in the city and comes packed with a range of modern amenities that would make it very easy and hassle-free for any business to function from here.

Where Is Celestia Royal Located?
Celestial Royal enjoys a strategic location and falls close to the main highway that connects it to Kurali – Chandigarh Road in New Chandigarh and boasts well-developed social amenities and has multiplexes and shopping malls within walking distance.



CELESTIA GRAND
Location: Omaxe Celestia Grand, New Chandigarh Project Type: 3BHK Apartments RERA Regd. No: PBRERA-SAS80-PR0033
Project Status: Delivered

OVERVIEW
Welcome to Celestia Grand, one of the most popular and much talked about Omaxe luxurious apartments. Nestled amidst lush greenery, life at Celestia Grand in New Chandigarh would be bathed in every shade of green.

Located in one of the best locales with tremendous opportunities for growth, Celestia Grand also enjoys a strategic location and offers hassle-free access to Madhya Marg which offers direct access to Sector-8, Chandigarh. Laced with a range of well-thought-of amenities, the township is your opportunity to enjoy a premium living experience with all the privileges of life.


CELESTIA GRAND Perks of Location
Kendriya Vidyalaya Mullanpur Garibdass: 1.5 Kms Bajwa Institute: 2.5 Kms Government Model Senior Secondary School: 3 Kms Bhabha Cancer Institute: 0.5 Kms Kings College Hospital: 1 Kms Public Hospital and Laboratory: 2.5 Kms

FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS
What Are The Property Types Available At Celestia Grand?
Celestia Grand will include 3/4 BHK spacious apartments that would give you ample space to move about without any inconvenience. Laced with a range of well-thought-of amenities, the township is your opportunity to enjoy a premium living experience with all the privileges of life.

What Is The Size Of Celestia Grand?
Each flat at Celestia Grand 1415 sq. ft. which would give you ample space to move about without any inconvenience. Wide balconies would be another great attraction here as these would not only add a dash of beauty to your home but would also give you a wonderful opportunity to enjoy the fabulous views outside.

What Is The Status Of Celestia Grand?
The township is under the construction phase and can well be counted as one of the most anticipated projects in the city and comes packed with a range of modern amenities that would make it very easy and hassle-free for any business to function from here.

Where Is Celestia Grand Located?
Celestia Grand is located in New Chandigarh amidst lush greenery and would fulfill your desire of living away from the din and pollution of the city close to nature. Located in one of the best locales with tremendous opportunities for growth, Celestia Grand also enjoys a strategic location and offe



THE RESORT
Location: Omaxe New Chandigarh (Mullanpur), Punjab Project Type: 2BHK, 2BHK + Utility, 3BHK, Penthouses RERA Regd. No: PBRERA-SAS80-PR0220 PBRERA-SAS80-PR0222
Price: 48 LAKH -  1.64 CRORE
Project Status: Under Construction

OVERVIEW
A soon-to-come luxurious apartment, The Resort presents a wonderful investment opportunity in Eco City 1, New Chandigarh. Spread over an area of around 9.62 acres of land, it would give you ample space to live without feeling cramped.

Settled away from the hustle and bustle of the city, The Resort would be surrounded by lush greenery and fulfill your desire to live close to nature. Wake up to the chirping of birds amidst a gentle morning breeze that would rev you up for the day!

The accommodation at this fabulous project would be available in 2 BHK, 2 BHK + Utility, 3BHK, and Penthouses, ranging from 1034 sq. ft. to 3637 sq. ft. while the amenities offered here would include a large swimming pool with Jacuzzi, gymnasium, restaurant, cafeteria, conference room, and sports facilities, with dedicated areas for kids and the elderly.

Open the door to a remarkable lifestyle and indulge in a world-class living experience. Your dream home would not be a dream anymore!


THE RESORT Perks of Location
Proximity to tourist spots - Jayanti Devi Temple, Patiala Ki Rao and Siswan River dam Proximity to Shivalik range Ease of connectivity through the existing MDRB and MDRC Proximity to Botanical Garden Health Village being built in the vicinity Education City is coming up in the vicinity Few minutes' drive to the Institutional area

What Are The Property Types Available In The Resort?
The Resort will include 2 BHK, 2 BHK + Utility, 3BHK, and Penthouses, ranging from 1034 sq. ft. to 3637 sq. ft. while the amenities offered here would include a large swimming pool with Jacuzzi, gymnasium, restaurant, cafeteria, conference room, and sports facilities, with dedicated areas for kids and the elderly.

What Is The Size Of The The Resort?
The Resort is spread over an area of around 9.62 acres of land and would give you ample space to live without feeling cramped. Forget your tiny abodes and walk into a living space that guarantees hassle-free and comfortable living.

What Is The Status Of The Resort?
The Resort is under the construction phase and can well be counted as one of the most anticipated constructions in the city and comes packed with a range of modern amenities that would make it very easy and hassle-free for any business to function from here.

Where Is The Resort Located?
The Resort is located in Eco City 1, New Chandigarh, and is well-connected to several city attractions. It is also surrounded by lush greenery and would fulfill your desire to live close to nature. Wake up to the chirping of birds amidst a gentle morning breeze that would rev you up for the day!



OMAXE CASSIA
Location: Omaxe New Chandigarh Project Type: 3BHK+SR, 4BHK+SR Apartments RERA Regd. No: PBRERA-SAS80-PR0034 PBRERA-SAS80-PR0033
Price: 56.91 LAKH -  1 CRORE
Project Status: Possession Started

OVERVIEW
A premium residential apartment located in New Chandigarh, Omaxe Cassia is a perfect blend of comfort and style and is designed to meet the requirements of 21st-century families. Live your life to full in sprawling 3/4 BHK flats with an area of 1725 and 2380 sq. ft. These flats would also have separate servant’s quarters with a separate entry which further increases their value and utility. A wide range of amenities here would give you plenty of options to sink your teeth into your favourite pastime while lush green surroundings will give you a feel of living close to nature.

An elegantly designed, contemporary residential development, the flats here enjoy innovative ventilation that offers easy access to natural light and fresh air which keeps them appear fresh and well-lit at all times of the day. Wide balconies, on the other hand, not only add to the beauty of the flats but also give the residents a wonderful opportunity to spend some quality time with family and friends.

The amenities offered at Omaxe Cassia are selected with great care and go a long way in ensuring that those living here do not face the slightest inconvenience and enjoy a fabulous living experience. Some of the prominent amenities offered here would include open gym for kids, a modular kitchen, a pedestrian jogging/walking track, natural greens, health club parks, and more.

The presence of round-the-clock security guards and the installation of CCTV cameras would give ample security cove to those living here which augurs very well for ladies and children. The staff working here would also be very polite and proficient in their work which would enhance the joy of living here manifold.

Location Benefits
IGD PRIMARY HEALTH CENTER: Within 3 KM Sant Waryam Singh Memorial Public-School Mohali: Within 3 KM Max Super Speciality hospital: Within 3 KM Post Graduate Institute of Medical education: Within 3 KM

What Are The Property Types Available At Omaxe Cassia?
Omaxe Cassia would include 3/4 BHK sprawling flats equipped with separate servant’s quarters with a separate entry. Moreover, a wide range of amenities here would give you plenty of options to sink your teeth into your favourite pastime while lush green surroundings will give you a feel of living close to nature.

What Is The Size Of Omaxe Cassia?
The accommodation at Omaxe Cassia would be available in 1725 and 2380 sq. ft. would free you from tiny residences and would fulfill your desire of living in a spacious abode that would fulfill your desire of living without any constrain

What Is The Status Of Omaxe Cassia?
Possession has started at Omaxe Cassia which has emerged as one of the most sought-after projects in the city and comes packed with a range of modern amenities that can make it very easy and hassle-free for any business to function from here.

Where Is Omaxe Cassia Located?
A premium residential apartment located in New Chandigarh, Omaxe Cassia is a perfect blend of comfort and style and is designed to meet the requirements of 21st-century families. The project also enjoys strategic location and is surrounded by well-developed social amenities that can make anyone’s life easy and hassle-free.


GARDENIA
Location: Omaxe New Chandigarh, Madhya Marg Extension, New Chandigarh (Mullanpur), Punjab Project Type: 3 BHK, 3 BHK + Servant, 3 BHK + Servant + Store, Penthouse RERA Regd. No: PBRERA-SAS80-PR0839
Price: 1.18 CRORE -  1.56 CRORE
Project Status: Just launched

Gardenia - Life Close To Nature
Paradise of Life & Luxury Lifestyle!
A heaven on earth, Gardenia beautifully blends nature and lifestyle with affluence. Features suited to the tastes of an elite few, merge here with the unique flora and fauna of the surroundings. A truly elevating life experience, suited to modern living but cradled in the lap of nature, awaits you here.

Uncluttered Lifestyle!
Designed for the crème de la crème of society, Gardenia offers an exclusive retreat in nature, away from the bustle of the city. With seventy percent green surround and sparsely populated but elite neighbours, the project offers independent floors with double height ceiling* and a private porch exclusive for each floor, so that you have uncluttered spaces not only outside but inside your home too.

Exclusivity Starts Now!
Located within the township and operational, Club Aura is a unique and modern club nothat redefines relaxation. As soon as you become a part of the Gardenia family, you become a privileged member of this elite club which offers an ultra-luxurious bar, a spacious banquet hall, an upscale restaurant, a soothing pool, a revitalizing squash court and an elevating coffee shop.

GARDENIA Features Of Township
Proposed 258 Acre Medicity Tata Memorial Centre (TMC) Hospital Proposed 384 Acres Education City Maharaja Yadavindra Singh International Cricket Stadium New Road Connect – International Airport to New Chandigarh- 20 mins


LUCKNOW

Lucknow FACT SHEET
Lucknow, the City of Nawabs, is the capital of Uttar Pradesh and is famous for its rich, regal and courtly traditions. It is also emerging as a prominent real estate destination because of the recent economic and industrialisation push given by the Government. 

There has been a general rise in real estate demand after the pandemic, especially in tier II cities like Lucknow. The city has seen many MNCs coming in to capture local talent, which has led to a rise in leasing activities in real estate. The city has also seen a major uptick in demand for 2BHK and 3BHK homes, which are fulfilling the dreams of the aspirational people of Lucknow. With retail markets in the city up for a major overhaul, as the lesser-known brands want more exposure and an organised space replete with amenities, the retail real estate market will become a great investment option.

Omaxe has a rich legacy in Lucknow and a product mix to cater to businesses and residents alike. With the utmost attention to the tiniest detail, Omaxe has blended the richness of the city's culture into its architecture and engineering.


ABOUT LUCKNOW TOWNSHIP
Lucknow Township by Omaxe comprises 4 major projects and 17 sub-projects within them and sprawls over the city. The product portfolio includes Villas, Group Housings, SCOs, Shopping complexes, and 3BHK& 4BHK apartments, to name a few. So whether you want to immerse yourself in European architecture or wholly embrace the metro life, Lucknow Township has it all.  

Meticulously designed spaces are a hallmark of the projects which are aimed at providing a superior contemporary living style while keeping the essence of the rich Lucknowi tradition. Omaxe has also kept in mind the amount of green environment that goes along with the project as part of its efforts to maintain the ecology of the area. 

The townships have all the modern amenities to fulfill all your basic needs and much more. The township includes modern clubs, gymnasiums, 24-hour power backup, state-of-the-art security, and playgrounds to name a few. 

Lucknow Township by Omaxe is a unique world of elegance, individuality, and exquisite taste that is unparalleled in style and is a feather in the cap of Brand Omaxe, which has its footprint in 8 states and 28 cities.

FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS
Why You Should Consider Settling In Lucknow? 
Lucknow is known for its rich culture, food and Nawabi tehjeeb (mannerisms), which makes it one of the exciting Tier-II cities to settle in.
Why You Should Consider Omaxe Lucknow Township To Settle In? 
Omaxe has a 35 years rich legacy of delivering dream homes. At Omaxe, customer satisfaction is our topmost priority, and we have left no stone unturned in achieving it.
What Are The Upcoming Projects In Omaxe Lucknow Township? 
The upcoming projects in Lucknow are Celestia Royale, Celestia Grande & Celestia Gold. 
What Are The Completed Projects By Omaxe In Lucknow City?
Omaxe has delivered Omaxe Heights, Omaxe Residency &Omaxe City in Lucknow.
What Is The Product Portfolio Of Omaxe Lucknow Township? 
Lucknow Township has flats from 1BHK to 4BHK+servant rooms. There is also an option for servant rooms in many of the projects.

THE LEGENDS LUCKNOW
Location: Sector 7, Gomti Nagar Extension, Lucknow Project Type: 4 BHK + Additional Space for Work from Home (Available with 2nd to 21st Floor units) + 2 Stores + Servant Room RERA Regd. No: UPRERAPRJ283534
Price:2.54 CRORE -  2.76 CRORE
Project Status: Under Construction

The Legends - Unveiling Sky Life with Rooftop Amenities
A royal lifestyle awaits you at The Legends, an ultra-luxurious high-rise apartment at Sector 7 in Gomti Nagar Extension, Lucknow. An elite address reserved only for a select few, the magnificent apartment would be a true futuristic construction geared up to match the changing times and demands of the 21st-century generation.

The accommodation at The Legends would be available in 4 BHK + additional space for work from home (Available from the 2nd to 21st floor) + 2 stores + servant room. Forget traveling long distances to reach your office. You can now work from home with ease in the comfortable environment of your home. You would also not be inconvenienced by the coming and going of your domestic help. Servant’s room here would give you an opportunity to have your domestic help at your call round the clock while the additional stores would give you the freedom to store your access baggage securely.

Elegantly designed, the flats here would also boast innovative ventilation that would ensure that fresh air and natural light reach them without any inconvenience and make every corner appear fresh and well-lit at all times. Wide balconies would be another great attraction at The Legends as these would give the residents a wonderful opportunity to enjoy the panoramic views outside.


THE LEGENDS LUCKNOW LOCATION BENEFITS & TOP REASONS TO INVEST
International Cricket Stadium IT City Mother & Child Care Hospital UP 112 Police Headquarters CG City Medanta Hospital 6 km* (approx.) drive from Gomti Nagar Commercial Hub (*1 km = 0.621 miles) Amar Shaheed Path


FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS

What Are The Property Types Available In The Legends?
The accommodation at The Legends would be available in 4 BHK + additional space for work from home (Available from the 2nd to 21st floor) + 2 stores + servant room. Forget traveling long distances to reach your office. You can now work from home with ease in the comfortable environment of your home.
What Is The Size Of The Legends?
Spread across an area of 4431 s. mtrs. The Legends would free you from tiny apartments and would fulfill your desire of living in a world-class abode without feeling cramped. Settled away from the hustle and bustle of the city the project would be your chance to stay away from the dust and pollution of the city and live in a peaceful and tranquil setting.
What Is The Status Of The Legends?
The project is under construction and is one of the most sought-after residential properties in Lucknow. Equipped with a range of amenities, the project is also strategically located which makes it one of the best residential projects to invest in the city.
Where Is The Legends Located?
An ultra-luxurious high-rise apartment at Sector 7 in Gomti Nagar Extension, Lucknow, The Legends is an elite address reserved only for a select few. The magnificent apartment would be a true futuristic construction geared up to match the changing times and demands of the 21st-century generation.


THE RESORT LUCKNOW
Location: Gomti Nagar Extension, Lucknow Project Type: 3/4 BHK (with servant) + Penthouse RERA Regd. No: UPRERAPRJ326163 | www.up-rera.in
PRICE: 2.11 CRORE -  6.04 CRORE
Project Status: Just launched

The Resort Lucknow - Where Opulence Meets Tranquility
The Resort is a bouquet of nature, designed to enthrall you with its architectural brilliance. The unblocked view of the morning sun coming through the majestic windows will kick-start your day and jolt your creativity. With our state-of-the-art swimming pool, you can add azure splashes to your life. Our well-laid-out jogging tracks amidst the greenery will inspire the fitness aficionado in you.
A patch of greenery is a joy forever! And at “The Resort, Lucknow” you would be surrounded by lush greenery all around. See the sun come out from behind lush green trees and soak in its gentle rays that will freshen up your senses while well-laid-out jogging tracks and serene exteriors will add to your vision of aesthetic marvels. Well maintained and nicely manicured garden would serve as a perfect venue for picnics and family get-togethers under open skies. While at night you just have to switch off your lights to see the dancing stars in all their shimmer and get mesmerized! 
Settled in the lap of wondrous nature, The Resort with its fauna will soothe you with its chirpings. The gentle rustling of the leaves with the breeze will sway your heart to nature's music. With our grand and immaculately designed party lawns, you can let your ears fill with intense harmony. Our futuristic amphitheatre has been designed to feed your muse or vibe with soulful music that soothes your heart.
A prfect combo of fragrant flowers, floating butterflies and a soothing environment awaits you at “The Resort” in Lucknow. Rejoice in the floral garden where the vast stretch of lush green spaces would rejuvenate your senses. Smell the air so pure that you would forget that you are still in the city.  Refresh your mind and flourish in the arms of nature. Delight your senses amidst exceptional flora and fauna that would have a rejuvenating effect on your soul. Dive into the world of happiness where nature would welcome you with open arms.

The Resort Lucknow Location Advantages:
Just 850 mtr. from National Highway 27 Only 4 Km from Medanta Hospital Only 6 Km from Gomti Nagar, Commercial Hub of Lucknow Within close vicinity with Schools, Hospitals & Malls Within easy reach of Airport & Railway Station



OMAXE RESIDENCY II Lucknow
Location: Sector 7, Gomti Nagar Extension Project Type: 2BHK, 3BHK, 3BHK + Servant Room Apartments RERA Regd. No: UPRERAPRJ1682 UPRERAPRJ1720 UPRERAPRJ368818
Price: 91.65 LAKH -  1.27 CRORE
Project Status: Sold Out

OVERVIEW
Omaxe Residency II flats in Lucknow are built on around 17.08  acres and offered possession to 1300 flats; 1170 families are residing here. The vast sprawl makes everything inclusive with the living. The spread makes it possible for the multitude of amenities fully functional to be available within the township. The strategic location is advantageous as everything is available nearby with modern-day facilities.

The facilities are sure to amaze you with a larger than life setting and serene experience. The amenities essentials for daily sustenance and much more are available within the township. The wholesome living experience offered at the property is unmatched.

Your search for 2 BHK, 3 BHK or 3 BHK + Servant  flats in Lucknow can rest at Omaxe Residency II as you can be sure to make your living a happening experience here. The 3 BHK flat in Omaxe Residency II Lucknow should fulfil your requirement of not only a larger house but also a lavish existence with everything available within proximity. These 3 BHK flats for sale in Lucknow are a charm to experience and are high in demand.

Location Benefits of OMAXE RESIDENCY II Lucknow
Bus Stop: 8.8 KM School: 1.3 KM Shopping Mall: 2.7 KM ATM: 1.3 KM Metro/Train: 2.2 KM


THE PALACE Lucknow
Location: Sector -7 Gomti Nagar Extension, Amar Shaheed Path,Lucknow Project Type: 3BHK Apartment RERA Regd. No: UPRERAPRJ1350 UPRERAPRJ1627
Price: 91.87 LAKH -  1.21 CRORE
Project Status: Sold Out

OVERVIEW
Omaxe Group has proposed exactly what you have been looking for in your search for the best property in Lucknow. The Palace, Lucknow, is an elegant combination of modernity and class. These revamped designs provide 3 BHK apartments to its customers. With the area of this 3 BHK flat in Lucknow ranging from 1550 sq. ft. to 1570 sq. ft., Omaxe the Palace Lucknow gives a maharaja touch the residents’ life. The quintessential spirit of the heritage of Lucknow is reflected through this Palace. The project is in Gomti Nagar Extension, Amar Shaheed Path, Lucknow, which is continuously developing.

A fresh and royal touch is given to the lifestyle of those living in these flats through the mesmerizing interior beheld by the place. It hence restructures urban living through a classical essence.

The Palace Lucknow is situated at a very appropriate location considering the various amenities that can be accessed from the residential area. The facilities of educational institutions, medical help, malls, food joints, and parks are in the proximity of this architect by the Omaxe group. Not only this, but the international cricket stadium also lies in the vicinity of the Palace.

The palace Lucknow thus happens to be a project signifying an elegant mix of comfort, class, and modernity. The area around the palace also gives a boost to the standard of living of the residents. The customers can make decisions pertaining to the area of their flats based on their budget and the palace Lucknow price.
The residential area also lies close to Hazratganj and airport, making the lives of the residents full of comfort and convenience. The extensive area covered by the apartments accompanied by greenery-bestowing gardens is what makes the Palace the best property to buy in Lucknow. The location makes the area well-connected to all the vitalities of life while proffering the customers with a luxurious lifestyle.

THE PALACE Lucknow Location Benefits
Charbagh: 10 KM Airport: 15 KM Hazratganj: 7 KM Janeshwar Mishra Park: 5 KM International Stadium: 1 KM




OMAXE HEIGHTS Lucknow
Location: Omaxe Heights, Mandi Parishad Road, Vijaipur Colony, Vijaipur Village, Vishesh Khand 2, Gomti Nagar, Lucknow, Uttar Pradesh, India Project Type: 3BHK, 3BHK + Servant Room Apartments & 4BHK Penthouses 
Project Status: Delivered

OMAXE HEIGHTS OVERVIEW Luknow
Located in the heart of Lucknow, in Gomti Nagar, Omaxe Heights has gained an unparalleled reputation of its own. Comprising of world-class apartments and penthouses with 3 and 4 bedroom flats, the township gives you a blissfully enriching experience with its state of the art architecture and interior. With a touch of premium elegance at every corner, it aptly caters to the aesthetic cravings of the residents.Giving a sense of an elevated lifestyle, the township matches the pace of the ultra-modern city lifestyle. Exquisitely crafted by the best engineers, it epitomizes the European standards of finish and designs. It is equipped with all the essential amenities like parking space, modern clubhouse, and play area for kids, and wide swimming pool. It’s for those who seek to experience the next level of comfort and luxury in their lives.



OMAXE RESIDENCY Lucknow
Location: Sector 7, Gomti Nagar Extension, Shaheed Path, Lucknow, UP Project Type: 2BHK & 3BHK Apartments RERA Regd. No:

Project Status: Delivered

OVERVIEW OMAXE RESIDENCY Lucknow
Omaxe has been developing residential and commercial projects and has become one of the prominent developers in various cities. Every project fromOmaxe emphasises on excellent livelihood, quality, environment, and on time delivery. With customer satisfaction as a priority, Omaxe Properties, Lucknow, aims to offer the best technical excellence, unbeatable quality, and top-rated titles with a concern for the environment and society. The company is known for its professional commitmentand is steered by teams of talented executives, administrators, dedicated designers, and engineers.

Omaxe Residency is a residential project located in Lucknow with ready to move flats in Lucknow. The project provides an elegantly crafted residential 2/3 BHK ready to move flats in Lucknowand has been designed to meet the requirements of buyers. Clubhouse, rainwater harvesting, car parking, gymnasium, children’s play area, and other amenities are available to make your life more comfortable.

When your life becomes stressful, you usually engross stress and wilt or get out of it in a smart way. Omaxe Residency Lucknow offers you the second option. Omaxe is a name that hasestablished an excellent track record for classy and comfortable homes. Omaxe Lucknow has implemented many residential projects which are recognised for their unique design, transparent documentation, and strategic construction.


FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS OMAXE RESIDENCY Lucknow
Q1 When Does The Possession Start For Omaxe Residency?
The project has to be completed in three phases. Possession for Phase-I and Phase-II has already begun, while Phase-III is under construction and possession will start by <<_______>>.
Q2 Do You Have Ready To Move In Flats/Villas Available In This Project?
The first two phases are already complete and ready for possession. You may look for ready to move apartments and villas in Phase-I and Phase-II of the project. However, if you can wait for a few months you can also book your flat/villa in Phase-III which will be ready for possession in just <___> months.

Q3 What Is The GST Rate Applicable For The Plots/Apartments/Villas In This Project?
The applicable GST Rate for residential plot is <___>. However, Omaxe is offering 100% GST benefit available to the company to buyers. Thus, applicable GST rate on your purchase amount will be only <__>%. Contact our project office today to benefit from ongoing promotions and discounts.

Q4 What Are Compensation/Penalty For The Delayed Possession?
The compensation for delayed possession will be payable as per RERA Guidelines. As per RERA, builders are expected to pay an interest equal to what they charge from the customer in case of delayed payments. Since Omaxe charges prevailing bank rate on delayed payments, the same will be payable to the buyers in case of delay in possession.
Q5 Can I Get Loan From Govt. Banks Like SBI, BOB, PNB Etc. For Financing The Purchase?
Bank loans are available under schemes from DHFL and Tata Capital on similar rates as Govt. Banks. However, you may connect with any preferable bank and financial institution for home loan. We are in the process of onboarding SBI for the lending benefits. Other banks who have offered loans on the project include – Bank of Baroda, Allahabad Bank, OBC Bank.




OMAXE WATERSCAPES
Location: Sector-7, Gomti Nagar Extension, Amar Shaheed Path Road, Lucknow Project Type: 3 BHK, 3 BHK+Servant RERA Regd. No: UPRERAPRJ1538 UPRERAPRJ1263
Price: 85.47 LAKH -  1.19 LAKH
Project Status: Under Construction/Sold Out

OVERVIEW OMAXE WATERSCAPES Lucknow
Omaxe Waterscape is a luxury apartment project located in Gomti Nagar Extension, Amar Shaheed Path, Lucknow. The project area is approximately 4.5 acres with 528 flats being elegantly designed in 8 towers of S+16 & S+17 storeys. With wide open spaces and modern amenities, the project will offer experiences at par with modern living standards.

Aesthetic beauty is clubbed with a host of attractive amenities required for a comfortable and lavish lifestyle. The masterfully crafted residential development comes with expansive greenery for a truly exceptional living experience. Every inch of the Waterscape project has been given detailed attention by professionals in order to provide the best to the residents.

The beautifully crafted Omaxe Waterscape with 3 BHK,  3 BHK+ Servant flats in Lucknow will hold ultra-luxury modern facilities and provides expertly planned apartments for maximum space utilisation. Omaxe Waterscape also comes equipped with advanced high security systems to offer a safe abode for your family. 

The apartments have wide open balconies for fresh air & natural daylight. Outside, the landscaped garden on the podium, entrance lobby with high ceiling, CCTV in select common areas, gym, etc. are some of the many facilities to meet every need of its residents. 

Omaxe Waterscape is more than just a residential community; it is an address where nothing is far away from home. This project is RERA registered & LDA approved.

Omaxe Waterscape contains the essential ingredients for a perfect lifestyle in ideal locale and is available at an ideal price.


LOCATION BENEFITS & TOP REASONS TO INVEST OMAXE WATERSCAPES Lucknow
Location Benefits
International cricket stadium: 2 km Charbagh being: 10 km Airport: 15 km Hazratganj: 7 km Janeshwar Mishra Park: 5 km

FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS OMAXE WATERSCAPES Lucknow
What Are The Property Types Available Omaxe Waterscapes?
The accommodation at Omaxe Waterscapes would be available in spacious 3 BHK & 3 BHK+ servant flats. Innovative ventilation here would ensure that fresh air and natural light reach every flat while elegantly crafted balconies would give the residents a wonderful opportunity to enjoy the fabulous views outside.
What Is The Size Of Omaxe Waterscapes?
Omaxe Waterscapes is spread over an area of about 4.52 acres of land and is located in one of the best locales and offers tremendous opportunities for growth. Laced with a range of well-thought-of amenities, the township is your chance to enjoy a premium living experience with all the privileges of life.
What Is The Status Of Omaxe Waterscapes?
Omaxe Waterscapes is under construction and is one of the most sought-after residential properties in Lucknow. Equipped with a range of amenities, the project is also strategically located which makes it one of the best residential projects to invest in the city.
Where Is Omaxe Waterscapes Located?
Omaxe Waterscapes is located in Sector-7, Gomti Nagar Extension, Lucknow. The area offers plenty of job opportunities and boasts software technology park for IT professionals and is also just perfect for shopkeepers and other businesses.


OMAXE CITY LUCKNOW
Location: Rae Bareli Road, Lucknow Project Type: Plots and Villas
Project Status: Delivered

OVERVIEW
A world exquisitely crafted to render you a lavish lifestyle. A world where you rejoice every moment filled with intense exuberance. A world where even the minuscule element has been forged with utmost precession. Welcome to Omaxe City Lucknow, an integrated township that boasts off a majestic grandeur with its marvellous infrastructure and world-class amenities. As a high-tech township, it’s a perfect amalgamation of luxury and comfort. It makes you experience the true essence of a colourful life with a hassle-free environment.  It isn’t just a township, it’s a way of life.
Spread across 140 acres of areas, the township comprises of premium villas in Lucknow that are well furnished and encapsulate all the essential amenities to make living highly comfortable. It also offers spacious plots for those who wish to construct their home.
Built with a concept of town within a town, Omaxe City Lucknow comprises of all the state-of-the-art amenities like modern club, local shopping centre, 24 Hr Security, Open Gym for kids, grocery store and much more all within the boundary of this luxurious paradise.
Ideally located on Amar Shaheed Path in close vicinity of Rae Bareli Road, the township provides great connectivity to all the adjacent cities.
So, if you are planning to buy a property in LUCKNOW, Omaxe City is the right choice for you.

Perks of Location OMAXE CITY LUCKNOW
Chaudhary Charan Singh Airport – 3 KM Charbagh Railway Station – 5 KM Bhimrao Ambedkar University – 500 M Taj Hotel – 13 KM



GRAND OMAXE Lucknow
Location: Sector-7, Gomti Nagar Extn, Amar Shaheed Path, Lucknow Project Type: 1BHK, 2BHK, 2BHK + Study Room, 3BHK Apartments & Penthouses RERA Regd. No: UPRERAPRJ775 UPRERAPRJ1181 UPRERAPRJ1550 UPRERAPRJ809
Price: 61.5 LAKH -  1.65 CRORE
Project Status: Under Construction

OVERVIEW GRAND OMAXE Lucknow
Check out Grand Omaxe at Sector-7 at Gomti Nagar Extension, an up-and-coming residential apartment in Lucknow if you are looking for elegant and comfortable accommodation at a reasonable price. Spread over an area of 11.11 acres of land, the project would free you from tiny residences and would fulfill your desire of living in a spacious home without feeling cramped.
The project area would also have well maintained, lush green park that would cut out the dust and pollution of the city and would give you the luxury to live in a largely pollution-free environment close to nature. Wake up to the chirping of birds and the fresh morning breeze that would rev you up for the day ahead.
The accommodation at Grand Omaxe would be available in 2/3 BHK spacious apartments and pent houses with elegant interiors. Innovative ventilation would be another great attraction here as it would ensure that fresh air and natural light reach every flat unhindered. Wide balconies would be another great attraction here as these would not only add a dash of beauty to the construction but also give the residents a wonderful opportunity to enjoy the panoramic views outside.
The amenities offered here would be selected with great care and would go a long way in ensuring that those living here do not face the slightest inconvenience and enjoy living here to full. Some of the prominent amenities offered here would include open gym for kids, pedestrian jogging/walking track, swimming pool, power backup, car parking, and more
A home amidst sprawling greenery, plush amenities, and hassle-free access to all the major landmarks that would keep you connected to the city, Grand Omaxe would bring a world of comfort in its stylish flats that would be designed to meet the requirements of the 21st-century generation.

Location Benefits GRAND OMAXE Lucknow
Dial 100 office: 1km Hazratganj Market: 7km Charbagh: 10km Airport: 15km Lucknow's International cricket stadium: 2km Janeshwar Mishra Park: 5km

FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS GRAND OMAXE Lucknow
What Are The Property Types Available At Grand Omaxe?
Grand Omaxe would include 2/3 BHK spacious apartments and penthouses with elegant interiors. Innovative ventilation would be another great attraction here as it would ensure that fresh air and natural light reach every flat unhindered.
What Is The Size Of Grand Omaxe?
Spread over an area of 11.11 acres of land, the project would free you from tiny residences and would fulfill your desire of living in a spacious home without feeling cramped. The project area would also give you the luxury to live in a largely pollution-free environment close to nature.
What Is The Status Of Grand Omaxe?
Grand Omaxe is under construction and is one of the most sought-after properties in Lucknow. Equipped with a range of amenities, the project is also strategically located which makes it one of the best projects to invest in the city.
Where Is Grand Omaxe Located?
Grand Omaxe is located at Sector-7 at Gomti Nagar Extension, an up-and-coming residential apartment in Lucknow, Grand Omaxe should be your go-to project if you are looking for elegant and comfortable accommodation at a reasonable price.


HAZRATGANJ RESIDENCY Lucknow
Location: Sector 7, Gomti Nagar Extn, Amar Shaheed Path, Lucknow Project Type: 1BHK + Store, 2BHK + Store, 3BHK + Store Apartments & Penthouses RERA Regd. No: UPRERAPRJ2050
Price: 41 LAKH -  1.85 CRORE
Project Status: Under Construction


OVERVIEW HAZRATGANJ RESIDENCY Lucknow
A premium residential apartment located in Sector 7 in Gomti Nagar, Lucknow, Omaxe Hazratganj Residency presents a perfect mix of style and comfort and is designed to meet the requirements of modern times. Live your life to full in sprawling 1BHK + Store, 2BHK + Store, 3BHK + Store Apartments & Penthouses. Yes, the flats here would have stores which further increases their value and utility. A wide range of amenities here, on the other hand, would give you plenty of options to sink your teeth into your favourite pastime while lush green surroundings will give you a feel of living close to nature.
An elegantly designed, contemporary residential development, the flats at Hazratganj Residency would enjoy innovative ventilation that would offer easy access to natural light and fresh air which would keep them fresh and well-lit at all times of the day. Wide balconies, on the other hand, would not only add to the beauty of the flats but also give the residents a wonderful opportunity to spend some quality time with family and friends.
The amenities offered at Hazratganj Residency would be selected with great care and would go a long way in ensuring that those living here do not face the slightest inconvenience and enjoy a fabulous living experience. Some of the prominent amenities offered here would include indoor games, swimming facilities, and much more.
The presence of round-the-clock security guards and the installation of CCTV cameras would give ample security cover to those living here which augurs very well for ladies and children. The staff working here would also be very polite and proficient in their work which would enhance the joy of living here manifold.

Location Benefits OVERVIEW HAZRATGANJ RESIDENCY Lucknow
Janeshwar Mishra Park: 5 KM International Cricket Stadium: 2 KM Dial 100 office: 1 KM Airport: 15 KM Charbagh: 10 KM

FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS HAZRATGANJ RESIDENCY Lucknow
What Are The Property Types Available At Hazratganj Residency?
Hazratganj Residency would include 1BHK + Store, 2BHK + Store, 3BHK + Store Apartments & Penthouses. Yes, the flats here would have stores which further increases their value and utility.
What Is The Size Of Hazratganj Residency?
Spread over an area of appx. 2.47 acres of land, Hazratganj Residency would free you from pigeon-hole residences and would fulfill your desire of living in spacious flats without any constraints.
What Is The Status Of Hazratganj Residency?
Hazratganj Residency is under construction and is one of the most sought-after properties in Lucknow. Equipped with a range of amenities, the project is also strategically located which makes it one of the best projects to invest in the city.
Where Is Hazratganj Residency Located?
One of the best upcoming projects in Gomti Nagar Extension, Lucknow, Hazratganj Residency offers a wonderful investment option in the city’s real estate landscape. Gift yourself a fabulous living space in one of the most up-and-coming areas in the city in an apartment that would be designed keeping in mind the requirements of the 21st century.


CELESTIA GOLD (INDEPENDENT FLOORS) Lucknow
Location: Omaxe Metro City, Lucknow Project Type: 2 BHK + Store/ Barsati & Stilt + 3 Storeys with Lift RERA Regd. No: UPRERAPRJ5429 UPRERAPRJ5430
Price:41.08 LAKH -  51.32 LAKH
Project Status: Under Construction/Sold Out

Overview CELESTIA GOLD (INDEPENDENT FLOORS) Lucknow
Metro City - Celestia Gold (Stilt + 3 Storeys With Lift)
Set in Omaxe Metro City, Near SGPGI, Raebareli Road, Lucknow Celestia Gold (Independent Floors) would be your gateway to peace and tranquillity away from the hustle and bustle of the city. The lush green setting here would fulfil your desire of living close to nature. Hear the wind whistle and marvel at the lyrical tweets that will bring life and colour to your homes. Away from the noise and din in an oasis of peace, life at “Celestia Gold” would resonate with the calmness that would soothe your mind and soul and bring in a lifetime of peace and calmness.
The project also enjoys a strategic location and offers hassle-free access to numerous landmarks in the city. The area is also very well connected to the other areas of the city and it is indeed very easy and convenient to travel anywhere in the city from here. Moreover, the place is also surrounded by well-developed social amenities like education and healthcare centres, malls, multiplexes, marketplace, etc. which can make anyone’s stay here easy and hassle-free.
The accommodation at Celestia Gold would be available in 2 BHK + Store/ Barsati & Stilt + 3 Storeys with lift. Elegantly designed, the flats here would also include wide balconies that would give the residents a wonderful opportunity to enjoy the fabulous views outside. Innovative ventilation, on the other hand, would ensure that fresh air and natural light reach every flat making them appear fresh and well-lit at all times.

Perks of Location CELESTIA GOLD (INDEPENDENT FLOORS) Lucknow
Proposed six-lane outer ring road crossing the township. Proposed Metro in the vicinity. SGPGI Hospital and other medical care available in the vicinity. Chaudhary Charan Singh International Airport is just a few minutes' drive away from Omaxe metro city.Situated at the Raibarelly road Lucknow which offers a great connectivity.

FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS CELESTIA GOLD (INDEPENDENT FLOORS) Lucknow
What Are The Property Types Available Celestia Gold?
The accommodation at Celestia Gold would be available in 2 BHK + store/barsati & stilt + 3 storeys with lift. Stylish interiors and magnificent décor would add a touch of grace and elegance to your home making it truly world-class.
What Is The Size Of Celestia Gold?
Celestia Gold is located at Omaxe Metro City which is spread across an area of 140 acres of land. Live a life amidst acres of lush greenery, state-of-the-art amenities, and strategic location that would bring the world to your doorstep cutting down your travel time drastically
What Is The Status Of Celestia Gold?
Celestia Gold is under construction and is one of the most sought-after residential properties in Lucknow. Equipped with a range of amenities, the project is also strategically located which makes it one of the best residential projects to invest in the city.
Where Is Celestia Gold Located?
Celestia Gold is set in Omaxe Metro City, near SGPGI, Raebareli Road, Lucknow. Away from the noise and din of the city in an oasis of peace, life at “Celestia Gold” would resonate with the calmness that would soothe your mind and soul and bring in a lifetime of peace and calmness.



CELESTIA GRANDE (INDEPENDENT FLOORS) Lucknow
Location: Omaxe Metro City, Near SGPGI, Raebareli Road, Lucknow Project Type: 3 BHK + Store/ Barsati & Stilt + 3 Storeys with Lift RERA Regd. No: UPRERAPRJ5425 UPRERAPRJ5429 UPRERAPRJ5430
Price: 52.73 LAKH -  62.45 LAKH
Project Status: Under Construction/Sold Out



CELESTIA GRANDE (INDEPENDENT FLOORS) Lucknow
Location: Omaxe Metro City, Near SGPGI, Raebareli Road, Lucknow Project Type: 3 BHK + Store/ Barsati & Stilt + 3 Storeys with Lift RERA Regd. No: UPRERAPRJ5425 UPRERAPRJ5429 UPRERAPRJ5430
 52.73 LAKH -  62.45 LAKH
Project Status: Under Construction/Sold Out
ENQUIRE NOW
Home Properties in Lucknow Celestia Grande (Independent Floors)
Metro City - Celestia Grande (Stilt + 3 Storeys with Lift)
Set in Omaxe Metro City, Near SGPGI, Raebareli Road, Lucknow Celestia Grande (Independent Floors) is just perfect for all those who want their abode to be settled away from the dust and pollution of the city in a peaceful and tranquil area. Surrounded by lush greenery, the project would fulfill your desire of living close to nature. Enjoy a leisurely walk around the well maintained-garden area and savour the freshness of the early morning breeze in a largely pollution-free environment surrounded by gorgeous trees.
Celestia Grande also enjoys a strategic location and offers easy access to a host of prominent locations. The area is very well connected to the rest of the city and it is very easy and convenient to travel anywhere in the city from here. Moreover, there is no dearth of well-developed social amenities like education and healthcare centres, malls, multiplexes, marketplace etc. which can make anyone’s stay here easy and hassle-free.
The accommodation at Celestia Grande would be available in 3 BHK + Store/Barsati & Stilt + 3 Storeys with lift. Elegantly designed, the flats here would also include wide balconies that would give the residents a wonderful opportunity to enjoy the panoramic views outside. Innovative ventilation would be another great attraction here as it would ensure that fresh air and natural light reach every flat making them appear fresh and well-lit at all times.
The amenities offered here would be selected after careful deliberation and would go a long way in ensuring that those living here do not feel the slightest of inconvenience and enjoy a memorable experience. Some of the prominent amenities available here would include gym, sports centre, outdoor multipurpose court, swimming pool, clubhouse, conference hall, RO water system, reserved parking, and more.


LOCATION BENEFITS & TOP REASONS TO INVEST CELESTIA GRANDE (INDEPENDENT FLOORS) Lucknow Location Benefits
Proposed six-lane outer ring road crossing the township. Proposed Metro in the vicinity. SGPGI Hospital and other medical care available in the vicinity. Chaudhary Charan Singh International Airport is just a few minutes' drive away from Omaxe metro city. Situated at the Raibarelly road Lucknow which offers a great connectivity.

FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS CELESTIA GRANDE (INDEPENDENT FLOORS) Lucknow
What Are The Property Types Available Celestia Grande?
The accommodation at Celestia Grande would be available in 3 BHK + store/barsati & stilt + 3 stories. Elegantly designed, the flats here would also include wide balconies that would give the residents a wonderful opportunity to enjoy the panoramic views outside.

What Is The Size Of Celestia Grande?
Celestia Grande is located at Omaxe Metro City which is spread across an area of 140 acres of land. Live a life amidst acres of lush greenery, state-of-the-art amenities, and strategic location that would bring the world to your doorstep cutting down your travel time drastically.

What Is The Status Of Celestia Grande?
Celestia Grande is under construction and is one of the most sought-after residential properties in Lucknow. Equipped with a range of amenities, the project is also strategically located which makes it one of the best residential projects to invest in the city.

Where Is Celestia Grande Located?
Celestia Grande is set in Omaxe Metro City, Near SGPGI, Raebareli Road, Lucknow and promises a wonderful residential option for all those who want their abode to be settled away from the dust and pollution of the city in a peaceful and tranquil setting.





CELESTIA ROYALE (INDEPENDENT FLOORS) Lucknow
Location: Omaxe Metro City, Near SGPGI, Raebareli Road, Lucknow Project Type: 4 BHK + Store/ Barsati & Stilt + 3 Storeys with Lift
Price: 62.04 LAKH -  72.15 LAKH
Project Status: Under Construction/Sold Out



CELESTIA ROYALE (INDEPENDENT FLOORS) Lucknow
Location: Omaxe Metro City, Near SGPGI, Raebareli Road, Lucknow Project Type: 4 BHK + Store/ Barsati & Stilt + 3 Storeys with Lift RERA Regd. No: UPRERAPRJ5429
 62.04 LAKH -  72.15 LAKH
Project Status: Under Construction/Sold Out
ENQUIRE NOW
Home Properties in Lucknow Celestia Royale (Independent Floors)
Metro City - Celestia Royale(Stilt + 3 Storeys with Lift)
Soon to come luxurious construction in Omaxe Metro City, Near SGPGI, Raebareli Road, Lucknow Celestia Royale (Independent Floors) promises a wonderful residential option to all those who want to live a posh and polished life.
Live a life amidst acres of lush greenery, state-of-the-art amenities, and strategic location that would bring the world to your doorstep cutting down your travel time drastically. Be it education and healthcare centres, malls, multiplexes, marketplace, etc. you can find them all close to your home with Celestia Royale.
The accommodation at Celestia Royal would be available in 4 BHK + store/barsati & stilt + 3 stories. Celestia Royal would offer an independent floor for every resident that would be made special by stylish interiors and magnificent décor that would add a touch of grace and elegance to your home.
Each floor here would be designed in a way that would give you maximum privacy where you can go along with your life without being impinged upon. Elegant interiors, wide balconies, and innovative ventilation would further add to the lure of the apartments that would fulfill your desire of living in a world-class setup.
The amenities offered at Celestia Royal would be zeroed in after great care and would go a long way in ensuring that those living here do not feel the slightest inconvenience and enjoy a memorable experience. Some of the prominent amenities offered here would include gym, swimming pool, play zone for kids, meditation park, clubhouse, and more

Perks Of Locations CELESTIA ROYALE (INDEPENDENT FLOORS) Lucknow
Proposed six-lane outer ring road crossing the township. Proposed Metro in the vicinity. SGPGI Hospital and other medical care available in the vicinity. Chaudhary Charan Singh International Airport is just a few minutes' drive away from Omaxe metro city. Situated at the Raibarelly road Lucknow which offers a great connectivity.

FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS CELESTIA ROYALE (INDEPENDENT FLOORS) Lucknow

What Are The Property Types Available Celestia Royale?
The accommodation at Celestia Royal would be available in 4 BHK + store/barsati & stilt + 3 stories. The project would offer an independent floor for every resident that would be made special by stylish interiors and magnificent décor that would add a touch of grace and elegance to your home.
What Is The Size Of Celestia Royale?
Celestia Royale is located at Omaxe Metro City which is spread across an area of 140 acres of land. Live a life amidst acres of lush greenery, state-of-the-art amenities, and strategic location that would bring the world to your doorstep cutting down your travel time drastically.
What Is The Status Of Celestia Royale?
Celestia Royale is under construction and is one of the most sought-after residential properties in Lucknow. Equipped with a range of amenities, the project is also strategically located which makes it one of the best residential projects to invest in the city.
Where Is Celestia Royale Located?
Soon to come luxurious project, Celestia Royle is set in Omaxe Metro City, Near SGPGI, Raebareli Road, Lucknow and promises a wonderful residential option to all those who want to live a posh and polished life.




KINGSTON Lucknow
Location: Sector - 7 Gomti Nagar Extension, Lucknow, Uttar Pradesh, India Project Type: 4BHK Luxurious Apartments RERA Regd. No: UPRERAPRJ892218
Price:1.3 CRORE -  1.52 CRORE
Project Status: Under Construction

Overview KINGSTON Lucknow
A soon-to-come residential project, Kingston presents a wonderful investment opportunity at Gomti Nagar Extension, Lucknow. A premium housing development offering 4 BHK luxurious apartments offers everything that one might require for luxurious living.

Spread across 2.31 acres of lush green setting, Kingston would give you a peaceful and tranquil living away from the dust and pollution of the city into an oasis of greenery and peace. Wake up amidst the gentle morning breeze and singing of birds that would freshen you up to take on the rigours of the day.

A plush location, Gomti Nagar Extension is popular for quite a few city landmarks like Ambedkar Park, Janeshwar Mishra Park, Jai Prakash Narayan Museum etc. The area also boasts of well-developed social amenities like education and health care centre, malls, multiplexes, marketplace, etc. that can make anyone’s stay here comfortable and hassle-free.

The area is also connected to the rest of the city which makes it very easy and convenient to reach almost anywhere in the city with ease. The area is also very well served by different modes of transportation which makes it very easy and convenient to travel anywhere from here with ease at any point in time.

The accommodation at Omaxe Kingston would be available in 4 BHK luxurious apartments that would transform the way you live. Elegant interiors, wide balconies, and innovative ventilation

would be some of the USPs that would find favour with all those who want good and beautiful things from life


Overview KINGSTON Lucknow Perks of Location
Gomti Nagar Commercial Hub International Cricket Stadium IT City Mother & Child Care Hospital Proposed Lucknow Metro

Overview KINGSTON Lucknow FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS

What Are The Property Types Available In Omaxe Kingston?
A premium housing development offering 4 BHK luxurious apartments Omaxe Kingston would fulfill your desire for luxurious living. If you want to live your life king size then the project is meant just for you. Up your style statement and give your life a glammed-up, ravishing presence. Omaxe Kingston fits the bill perfectly.
What Is The Size Of Omaxe Kingston?
Spread across 2.31 acres of lush green setting, Omaxe Kingston would give you a peaceful and tranquil living away from the dust and pollution of the city into an oasis of greenery and peace. Wake up amidst the gentle morning breeze and singing of birds that would freshen you up to take on the rigours of the day.
What Is The Status Of Omaxe Kingston?
The project is under construction and is one of the most sought-after residential properties in Lucknow. Equipped with a range of amenities, the project is also strategically located which makes it one of the best residential projects to invest in the city.
Where Is Omaxe Kingston Located?
A soon-to-come residential project, Omaxe Kingston is located at Gomti Nagar Extension in Lucknow. A premium housing development the luxurious apartment offers everything that one might require for luxurious living.


EUROPIA VILLA Lucknow
Location: Omaxe Metro City, Near SGPGI, Raebareli Road, Lucknow - 226014 Project Type: 4 BHK + Family Lounge + Store RERA Regd. No: UPRERAPRJ5425

Price:1.4 CRORE ONWARDS*
Project Status: Under Construction/Sold Out

Omaxe Metro City Presents Europia Villa Lucknow
If you are someone who wants to relieve the old-world charm in a surrounding that would transport you to the classical era then Europia Villa at Omaxe Metro City is where you should be heading. Walk into a sea of greenery and fill your home with freshness, fragrance, joy, cheer, and peace. Far from the maniac city, this is your chance to feel the breeze, hear the cuckoo croon, and enjoy a long, leisurely walk amidst the abundance of greenery that would bring much-needed calm and peace to your life.
The strategic location of Europia Villa is another of its great USPs as it offers easy access to a host of prominent destinations like Amar Shaheed Path, Harchandpur Railway Station, Aishbagh - home to several industries like PTC Industries Ltd., Mercury Industries, Up Star Agro Industries Steel Co, Aditya Chemical Works etc. Mohanlalganj industrial hub, home to industries like Naresh Pipe Industries and other small-scale and medium-scale industrial units also easily accessible from Raibareli Road.
4 BHK accommodations at Europia Villa with a family lounge and a store. Posh and polished, the apartments here would be just perfect for all those who want to live their life king-size. Stylish interiors, elegantly crafted wide balconies and innovative ventilation would further add to the value of the apartments that would fulfill your desire of living in a world-class project.
The amenities offered here would be selected with great care and would go a long way in ensuring that those living here do not face the slightest inconvenience and enjoy a memorable experience. Some of the prominent amenities offered at Europia Villa would include well-maintained garden area, car parking, lifts, internal street lighting, and more.

EUROPIA VILLA Lucknow Perks Of Locations
Proposed Metro In The Vicinity. Proposed Six-Lane Outer Ring Road Crossing The Township. SGPGI Hospital And Other Medical Care Available In The Vicinity. Chaudhary Charan Singh International Airport Is Just A Few Minutes' Drive Away From Omaxe Metro City. Situated At The Raibarelly Road Lucknow Which Offers A Great Connectivity.


EUROPIA VILLA Lucknow FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS
What Are The Property Types Available In Europia Villa?
Europian Villa would offer 4 BHK accommodations with a family lounge and a store. Posh and polished, the apartments here would be just perfect for all those who want to live their life king-size. Stylish interiors, elegantly crafted wide balconies and innovative ventilation would further add to the value of the apartments that would fulfill your desire of living in a world-class project.
What Is The Size Of Europia Villa?
Europia Villas is located at Omaxe Metro City which is spread across an area of 140 acres of land. If you are someone who wants to relieve the old-world charm in a surrounding that would transport you to the classical era then Europia Villa at Omaxe Metro City is where you should be heading.
What Is The Status Of Europia Villa?
The project is under construction and is one of the most sought-after residential properties in Lucknow. Equipped with a range of amenities, the project is also strategically located which makes it one of the best residential projects to invest in the city.
Where Is Europia Villa Located?
Europia Villas is located at Omaxe Metro City, Near SGPGI, Raebareli Road, Lucknow and offers easy access to a host of prominent destinations. The area is also very well served by different modes of commuting which makes it very easy and convenient to travel anywhere in the city from here.










PATIALA

Patiala FACT SHEET 
Patiala is a southeastern city of Punjab and is famous for its Patiala Shahi Turban and Patiala Peg. The town has grown around Patiala fort which was constructed by Ala Singh, the eponym of Patiala. The city is not only known for its royal architecture like Moti Bagh Palace, and Gurudwara Dukh Niwaran Sahib but also for its educational institutions, which makes it a great place to settle down.
The town is also a great investment option, as the economic upturn after the pandemic will coincide with the forward-looking view of the government. With more people coming into town, there will be an increase in demand for real estate, both commercial and residential. People, nowadays are also looking for exclusivity and uniqueness in the homes that they live in, but want it still accompanied by the conveniences of a township. Customised plots fulfil this niche market efficiently where people can buy plots according to their requirements and design their own dream homes while being ensconced in all the amenities and security that a township offers.
Omaxe has a developed Patiala Township, which is a modern marvel in the city that boasts a rich heritage. Built-in partnership with Patiala Development Authority, the township is a feather in the crown of Brand Omaxe, which has now spread its wings in 28 cities across 8 states. 

FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS Patiala FACT SHEET 

Why Should You Choose Patiala To Settle Down? 
Patiala is a city with a rich history and‌ is famous for its forts. It also has a state-of-the-art sports academy. It doesn't have the hustle and bustle of a metropolitan town but has all the modern amenities and conveniences.

Why Should You Choose Omaxe Patiala Township? 
Omaxe Patiala Township built in association with Patiala Development Authority is a futuristic township with ample greenery and is well equipped with all the modern amenities for you to lead a life of convenience.

What Is The Property Rate In Patiala? 
The average property rate in Patiala is Rs3589/sq.ft.

What Is The Product Portfolio Of Omaxe Patiala Township? 
Omaxe Patiala township consists of plots, villas, commercial spaces and residential complexes

What Is The USP Of Patiala Township? 
The Patiala Township, in association with Patiala Development Authority, is providing developed plots which are customisable according to the needs of the customers so that they can create and live in their dream homes.




PDA OMAXE CITY Patiala
Location: Sirhind Road, Baran in Patiala Project Type: Developed Plots RERA Regd. No: UP520012545
roject Status: Delivered

OVERVIEW
Omaxe City Patiala is strategically located in Sirhind Road, Baran in Patiala covering an area of 336.5 acres. The developed plots are a joint development between Omaxe and Patiala Development Authority. The integrated township comprises of expandable villas, plots, commercial space, residential complex and a Biotech Park. The city of Patiala has seen tremendous development.
With the growth of wealthy individuals and middle-class society, PDA Omaxe City Patiala provides a unique and luxurious lifestyle with all the modern amenities and facilities. One can have comfort, uniqueness along with affordability within the boundaries of Omaxe PDA Patiala.
Omaxe Patiala Plots have all the recreational facilities like swimming pool, jacuzzi,steam, sauna, sports and health club. A banquet has also been provided for the social gatherings that can be held very often. Unparallel elegance and perfection in every structure can be witnessed at Omaxe plots Patiala. People have a faith of durability and quality with the launch of these plots of Omaxe Group. Residential property in Patiala is reaching heights with the modern amenities being provided in every Omaxe Township.
The thoughtfully designed residential spaces have a lavish appeal to them and suit the pocket of each individual. The self-contained city has all the modern amenities and shopping areas. The city has a rich cultural heritage and a great historical that adds to the charm of living standard in the city.


PDA OMAXE CITY Patiala Perks of Location
Movie Studio: 2.5 Kms Verka Park: 1.5 kms Easy Shopping: 2.6 kms Patiala Showroom: 1.2 kms





SONEPAT 
Sonepat FACT SHEET

Sonepat is one of the burgeoning industrial towns of Haryana. Also known as the Golden City, it has tremendous growth opportunities because of the connectivity it enjoys with Delhi NCR. The town has many large manufacturing units, which makes it a great employment generator. 
Sonepat is also home to many prestigious universities providing various disciplines, making it a prime educational hub. The city, which is an industrial town, still retains a large proportion of greenery, which makes it a great place to settle down. The city's upcoming infrastructure will also cause a major uptick in real estate prices. 
Omaxe has developed in Sonepat, a township in accordance with the best industrial standards. It is a marvel of civil engineering and a crowning accomplishment of Brand Omaxe, which has now placed itself in 28 cities across 8 states. 
 
ABOUT SONEPAT TOWNSHIP
Omaxe Township is an integrated hi-tech township spread across 350 acres. All the modern amenities like hospitals, schools and shopping malls are a part of this project. A total of 6 projects have been delivered to the residents of the city, out of which 5 are residential, and 1 is commercial. 
The commercial project, Omaxe Plaza, is spread over an area of 17 acres comprising state-of-the-art amenities. It has space for shops, offices and a food court. So all your needs can be fulfilled under one roof.  
Residential projects comprise plots, villas, independent floors and apartments. The plots have been developed and are available in varying sizes. The apartments and villas have 2BHK and 3BHK options while the builder floors have been constructed in 3BHK.

Why You Should Settle Down In Sonepat? 
Sonepat is an industrial town which is still ensconced in greenery and peace. It enjoys great connectivity with Delhi NCR.
Why Should You Choose Omaxe Sonepat Township As Your Dream Home? 
Sonepat Township is a modern township with all the accompanying amenities and great connectivity. The township is designed to encompass nature in its architecture so that you can enjoy the seasons, accompanied by pristine flora.
What Is The Product Portfolio Of Sonepat Township? 
Sonepat Township comprises developed plots, apartments, independent floors and villas.
 What Are The Amenities In Sonepat Township? 
Omaxe Sonepat Township enjoys great connectivity and is well-equipped with 24x7 security, ample parking, etc. The township has great connectivity with schools, hospitals and recreational places. 
hat Is The Property Rate In Sonepat? 
The average property rate in Sonepat is Rs 5363/sq. Ft. 






OMAXE WISTERIA SONEPAT
Location: Omaxe Wisteria, Sonipat Project Type: Independent Floors RERA Regd. No: UP5210021
Project Status: Delivered

OVERVIEW OMAXE WISTERIA SONEPAT
A modern living standard in the heaven of tranquillity and peace, Omaxe city 3 BHK & 4 BHK independent floors in Sonipat has everything under its single roof to maintain pace with a stress-free lifestyle. Omaxe city residential Independent Floors is located at NH-1, Sonipat and is a 39-Unit residential project with 4 BHK and 3 BHK. The project has proximity towards central locations like educational institutions, hospitals, shopping centres and much more. The project area ranges from 300-400 sq. yd. The most attractive feature of the project is its style and design and the construction is completely vastu compliant. Every unit in the project is constructed with the excellent architectural ideas and designs to offer the quality of life that is relevant to the modern lifestyle. Every sector of the house is well-planned to save space and cater all the customer needs.
3 BHK & 4 BHK Independent Floors in Sonipat is the best options for the people looking for a investment within your budget. The 4 and 3 BHK Independent Floors in Sonipat project is a value for a good investment with location centric construction and quality living with good architectural design. Another attractive feature in this project is the rejuvenating and recreational facilities. The residence is the excellent choice to enjoy the entertainment, recreation and social facilities like Swimming pool, Clubhouse, Garden, Jogging track, children play area and much more to spend quality time.  Another important aspect of the project is the ever increasing asset value. 3 BHK & 4BHK Independent Floors in Kundi, Sonipat is a keystone of wealth, an imperishable asset with the excellent building quality that will last for several years. 

OMAXE WISTERIA SONEPAT Perks of Location
Murthal Engineering College: 9.6 KM Rajiv Gandhi Education City: 9.7 KM The National Institute of Food Technology Entrepreneurship and Management (NIFTEM): 9.6 KM KMP & KGP Expressway: 9.7 KM Omaxe Plaza: 9.5 KM Tau Devi Lal Park: 9.8 KM




OMAXE CITY - OMAXE HEIGHTS SONEPAT
Location: Omaxe City, NH-1, Sonepat Project Type: 2BHK Apartments
Project Status: Delivered

OVERVIEW
2 BHK flats in Omaxe Heights at Kundli, Sonipat, ranks among the most sought after and developed residential projects in Sonipat. Set among the lush greenery and open space for a healthy environment, Omaxe offers you a halcyon setting with attractive flats built to your taste. With a clean environment, surrounded by the district’s industrial hub, commercial centres, educational institutions, hospitals and much more, Omaxe Heights is among the city’s most premium 2 BHK residential projects.
Are you planning to buy a property in Sonipat city? At Omaxe Heights own a piece of paradise and get home with us all the way to help you create your dream home, with every aspect of your taste and personality in it. Omaxe flats in Kundli Sonipat are eco-friendly, with the area 1184 to 1231 sq. ft in the heart of a residential hub and living in one of these 2 BHK flats is a privilege and an opportunity to enjoy an excellent location, maximum safety, high standard of life and exquisite style. The most attractive feature of the project is its style and design, and the construction is completely Vastu compliant.
Omaxe City, Sonipat is an integrated township comprising plots, independent floors and villas in a sprawling 357 acres. Omaxe City, Sonipat includes many excellent facilities and world-class amenities such as schools, hospital, state-of-the-art club, landscaped gardens, shopping complex, 24*7 security, recreational zones and power backup. Make your decision today.

OMAXE CITY - OMAXE HEIGHTS SONEPAT Perks of Location
Murthal Engineering College: 9.6 KM Rajiv Gandhi Education City: 9.7 KM The National Institute of Food Technology Entrepreneurship and Management (NIFTEM): 9.6 KM KMP & KGP Expressway: 9.7 KM Omaxe Plaza: 9.5 KM Tau Devi Lal Park: 9.8 KM







OMAXE CITY - SWARNAPRASTHA SONEPAT
Location: Omaxe City, Sonipat Project Type: 3BHK Independent Floors
Project Status: Delivered

OVERVIEW OMAXE CITY - SWARNAPRASTHA SONEPAT
Omaxe Swarnaprastha Floors is strategically planned in a vast expanse in a prime location of the city, it’s an incredible project that provides large, truly unique amenities and acres of space to enjoy nature. The Luxurious independent floors with an elegant design of 3BHK Independent Floors in G+2 structures with 1200 sq. Ft with premium amenities in an exquisite location in Sonipat.
These 3 BHK independent floors in Sonipat take your lifestyle to new heights with its great ambience and world-class Amenities which includes spacious balconies, dedicated parking, power backup, schools, hospitals, state-of-the-art club, landscaped gardens, shopping complex, security and recreational zones. We welcome you all to the many shades of healthier & happier living.

OMAXE CITY - SWARNAPRASTHA SONEPAT Perks of Location
Murthal Engineering College: 9.6 KM Rajiv Gandhi Education City: 9.7 KM The National Institute of Food Technology Entrepreneurship and Management (NIFTEM): 9.6 KM KMP & KGP Expressway: 9.7 KM Omaxe Plaza: 9.5 KM Tau Devi Lal Park: 9.8 KM






OMAXE CITY - VILLAS SONEPAT
Location: NH-1, Sonepat Project Type: 2BHK, 3BHK & 4BHK Villas
Project Status: Delivered

OVERVIEW OMAXE CITY - VILLAS SONEPAT
Omaxe City villas are one of the beautiful residences with the area range of 200 sq yards and 267 sq yards. The well-planned villas are constructed along with modern architecture process with open airspace for a healthy and peaceful environment. The township is inspired with all the luxury, classy and style statement offered by Omaxe. The project is a dream for those who wish for the calmness of nature, someone who has the desire to wake-up with a peaceful place. The residence is ideal for the ones who wish to breathe fresh air, someone while the cold breeze keeps you energetic.

The Omaxe villa in Sonipat is constructed with an unmatched lifestyle that fits in your budget.  The demand for properties in Sonipat is at a peak. The locality is witnessing several infrastructure developments in terms of commerce, and so the requirement for residential solutions should be sufficient. Sonipat villa is an excellent lookout for a magnificently designed, economically priced villa in an upcoming locality might be in luck.

Villa in Sonipat by Omaxe Constructions brings good fortune to villa owners and helps them bring their dream of the luxurious class statement. Hence the residents can expect a beautifully designed home design that leaves excellent creativity. The top class finish of the villas is complemented by several amenities that the residents can avail upon purchasing this real estate project. The project also offers a security service for the convenience of the residents.


OMAXE CITY - VILLAS SONEPAT Perks of Location
Murthal Engineering College: 9.6 KM Rajiv Gandhi Education City: 9.7 KM The National Institute of Food Technology Entrepreneurship and Management (NIFTEM): 9.6 KM KMP & KGP Expressway: 9.7 KM Omaxe Plaza: 9.5 KM Tau Devi Lal Park: 9.8 KM




YAMUNA NAGAR
Yamuna Nagar FACT SHEET
Yamunanagar is a municipal city in the state of Haryana and is known for its plywood and paper industries. Industrial growth has led to a rise in real estate demand. The city has become a great revenue generator for Haryana.

With the current upturn in the economy and the corresponding uptick in the retail realty sector, demand for real estate is going to skyrocket. People are also looking for customisable plots so that they can design their homes according to their own style, but they also want the security and convenience of a gated community. This has led to a great demand for spacious townships that have all the accompanying amenities.

Real estate development is a common interest for people looking for investment and for settling down in Yamunanagar. Omaxe Yamuna Nagar township is on par with top real estate residential properties in any city. It is a feather in the cap for Brand Omaxe, which has now spread to 28 cities and 8 states. 


ABOUT YAMUNA NAGAR TOWNSHIP 
The Omaxe Township at Yamuna Nagar is on the rise as there is a dire need for residential property for the ones working in the industrial and commercial sectors. Omaxe City in Yamuna Nagar comprises villas and plots.  
The villas are available in three sizes, 172, 220 and 328 sq. yards. These stunning villas offer a peaceful environment and greenery to the residents. The gated community is in proximity to all the modern amenities required for lavish living.  
The plots, on the other hand, are available in four sizes, starting with 172 sq yards and going up to 500 sq. yards. The varied configurations of the plots will allow people to create their customisable dream homes. The developed plots are at a strategic location and are available at attractive prices. 


FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS ABOUT  YAMUNA NAGAR TOWNSHIP
Why Should You Choose Yamuna Nagar To Settle Down? 
Yamuna Nagar is situated at the banks of the Yamuna river and is a burgeoning industrial town that enjoys great connectivity with Delhi NCR and other cities of Haryana. Despite being an industrial town, it still has a substantial green cover and ambient air. 
Why Should You Select Omaxe Yamuna Nagar Township As Your Dream Home Destination? 
Yamuna Nagar Township is a peaceful gated community with all the modern amenities and facilities. The Township enjoys excellent connectivity with Delhi NCR and is close to hospitals, schools and colleges. The Township is ensconced in greenery and is the perfect place to settle down
What Is The Product Portfolio Of Omaxe Yamuna Nagar Township? 
Yamuna Nagar Township offers villas and customised plots. 
What Is The Average Property Rate In Yamuna Nagar Township? 
The average property rate is Rs 7600/sq. Ft.


OMAXE CITY- PLOTS YAMUNA NAGAR
Location: Omaxe city, Jagadhri, Yamuna Nagar, Haryana, India Project Type: Developed Plots RERA Regd. No: UP7581002
Project Status: Delivered

OVERVIEW OMAXE CITY- PLOTS YAMUNA NAGAR
Located on the State Highway towards Bilaspur from Jagadhri - Pabni Road, Omaxe City Plots is a premium plotted development with residential plots in Yamuna Nagar. It is a gated community of 50 acres integrated township Omaxe City, Yamuna Nagar. Omaxe plots ranges in various sizes between 172 sq. yd. and 500 sq. yd. This integrated township seeks an eco-friendly and sustainable lifestyle.
The project has incorporated modern technology and innovations in construction technique and crafted with contemporary architecture style. Hence the residents in the flat can enjoy all the basic and luxury amenities. Omaxe City, Yamuna Nagar provides for a sustainable and organic living with green features such as Reflexology Garden, Air Polluion Monitoring and international amenities such as shopping complex, wide roads, school, medical facilities, reserved parking, open GYM, underground drainage system, 24*7 power backup.
The plotted community is proximate to Yamuna Nagar and is surrounded with all the basic amenities like banks, ATM’s, Hospitals, Schools, Restaurants, Bus stations, Petrol Pumps etc. The complete layout comes with wide roads, green parks with floral beds and avenue trees and many more added to the amenities.
All these are available at affordable budget. Make an investment with residential plots in Yamuna Nagarnow for healthy living and good return on investment. Some of the attractive feature in this project is the rejuvenating and recreational facilities at this residence. Another important aspect of the project is the ever increasing asset value in this sector.

LOCATION BENEFITS & TOP REASONS TO INVEST IN OVERVIEW OMAXE CITY- PLOTS YAMUNA NAGAR
Perks of Location - Locations within 5 Km
Bus Stops Petrol pumps – 2 ATM 1 Agarwal Hospital Pharmacy Malls Harman park Jai City Park Punjabi Tadka Singh’s Barbeque Kushboo Day-care Government Primary School




OMAXE CITY - VILLA YAMUNA NAGAR
Location: State Highway towards Bilaspur from Jagadhri Project Type: Villa Independent floor
Project Status: Delivered


OVERVIEW OMAXE CITY - VILLA YAMUNA NAGAR
A stylish lifestyle in the heaven of peace and tranquillity - Omaxe City villas in Yamuna Nagar has everything inside one gated community with a stress-free living. Omaxe City, Yamuna Nagar are Luxury villas, in the sizes of 172, 220 and 328 sq. yd and which has proximity towards prime locations like hospitals, schools, educational institutions, and much more.
Omaxe City Villa in Yamuna Nagar is a perfect option under your budget, value for an appreciating investment, location centric construction, and the choice to design your own home.
It is an ambitious, let elegant residential property in Yamuna Nagar that has been constructed with a vision of highest levels of amenities, quality and architectural integrity.
No other villa project can hold or match Omaxe City project's perfect beauty and modern, sophisticated luxury.
Strategically located in the prime location of Yamuna Nagar with an approx. 50 acres integrated township, Omaxe City, Yamuna Nagar will definitely be your best choice as you get to enjoy play area for children, Badminton Court and many more. We ensure you with an imperishable asset, with ever-increasing in value, and necessity, building a standard of quality that will last
Residential real estate in Yamuna Nagar is an excellent choice to not only build a home for your family but also to ensure a good return on investment
Omaxe City Villas offer facilities like Garden,  jogging track, children play area and much more to relax and unwind with the family.  Welcome to the many shades of healthier and happier living.

OVERVIEW OMAXE CITY - VILLA YAMUNA NAGAR Perks of Location
Ravidas Temple: 9.5 KM J.N Metal Industries: 9.8 KM Gurdwara: 9.6 KM Axis Bank: 9.7 KM



PRAYAGRAJ

Prayagraj FACT SHEET
Prayagraj-the city where the confluence of three holy rivers- Ganga, Yamuna and Saraswati takes place. The town is the site of the famous Hindu pilgrimage festival -The Kumbh Mela. An administrative and educational city, the economy of the town is supported mainly by agriculture, tourism and the fishing industry. The city is also home to more than ten thousand small-scale industries.

The town is a major contributor to the economy of Uttar Pradesh and has attracted a lot of investments post-pandemic in the real estate sector. The town is a great source of talent pool for new companies settling in the city. This aspirational talent pool, along with the influx of people looking for new opportunities, has created a lot of demand for real estate in the city.

Omaxe is well placed and well connected to the old city with its Township that offers all the modern amenities for a comfortable living.

ABOUT PRAYAGRAJ TOWNSHIP
Omaxe Prayagraj township lies close to the holy Triveni Sangam and is the perfect place to unwind and relax. This 232.50 acres Hi-Tech Township of Omaxe lies on the waterfront of the Yamuna River and is an enchanting place to be in the lap of nature. It also enjoys proximity to schools, hospitals, universities, and other amenities. 

A six-lane cable bridge connects the Township to the old heritage-rich city. Omaxe Ananda and Omaxe Shiva Phase I, II and III are the two projects that take forward the 35 years legacy of Omaxe. Omaxe Ananda will be ready for possession soon while Omaxe Shiva is undergoing construction. 

Omaxe Township accompanies a Hi-Tech Saraswati Township, which UPSIDC is developing. The two townships will complement each other economically and socially as the city expands. Also, the promotion of Prayagraj as Kumbh Nagari by the UP Govt. has spurred economic growth and has led to the expansion of the city across the river as the land in the old city is scarce. 

Omaxe Prayagraj township offers the blending of transcendental peace and modernity and is a feather in the cap of Omaxe, which has spread its product portfolio in 8 states and 28 cities.

FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS
What Are The Upcoming Residential Projects In Prayagraj?
Prayagraj has been the centre of attraction for a couple of years now. After Uttar Pradesh CM Yogi Adityanath approved Ganga Expressway connecting Prayagraj with western UP as well as the new airport complex was inaugurated, it became evident that Prayagraj will be the centre of attention for all-round development. 

New developments have been seen in residential projects in locations like Mundera Bazaar, Sulem Sarai, Dhanuha, Jhusi, Naini, Bajha and Jhalwa. Prices in these locations are also quite affordable as compared to metros and start from 35 lakhs onwards for 2, 3 and 4 bhk properties. There are also many open spaces available in Jhalwa and Naini for the construction of freehold residential projects.

 Recently it has been noticed that due to several transformation steps taken up by the government, many real estate developers have started to work on various residential projects to meet the demand of the estimated population of 1.11 million. However, if you are looking for residential projects then we would recommend Naini as a prime location for you. It’s close to the chief industrial area and is also referred to as the twin city of Allahabad. 

There are a couple of projects like Omaxe Aananda located in Naini, Omax Shiva and Omax Shiva Phase 2 which have not only shown good returns but also provided a high quality of living and comfort for residential apartments when compared to any other project nearby this locality.

On the other hand, if you're looking for investment options in upcoming projects, consider visiting a reputed developer and one who is trusted for standing tall on the commitments and delivery of the project.

Where To Invest And Book Ready To Move In Flats In Prayagraj?
Investing in real estate property is not an easy task and takes a lot of planning careful market research and analysis of property and returns. If you are planning to invest in a ready-to-move-in flat, keep the following points in mind - 

Background cross-checking before investing
Calculation of total expenses as well as returns 
Review investment loan procedures
Choose the right project and developer/builder
Nearby locations and successful commercial complexes
Speak to locals instead of property dealers, as it will help you to understand the project better
Pay frequent visits to the site to understand more about the property
How To Evaluate Property Prices In Prayagraj?
The prevalent rate trends of Prayagraj defines the overall state of the real estate sector in the state of Uttar Pradesh. These pricing trends help to figure out whether it is the right time to invest or not.

According to the current market price, the property rates start from Rs.20 lakhs for 1-BHK and the average price was noted to be Rs. 35.23 lakhs for a 2-BHK apartment. But while investing in a property one of the biggest challenges faced by an investor is to figure out the actual value of the property and this apprehension keeps them from investing in the first place. Real estate agents with the intention of making a quick buck end up fooling the clients by asking them to pay more than the actual market price. Or the actual rate and circle rate of the property differ by a great margin. To solve this issue, you should always keep in mind that the value of the property is broadly based on factors such as Location, Accessibility, and Site.

Moreover, the seller can demand more for prime locations and the only way to find out the best location is either searching in the heart of the city or where there are maximum numbers of employment opportunities like for instance Naini is a good place to invest your money. 

Where To Search And Book Commercial And Residential Properties In Prayagraj?
If you are looking for a commercial property in Prayagraj, some important points should be kept in consideration before finalizing the property. Whether you are a seasoned investor or someone looking for his/her dream home in Prayagraj, we have the following recommendations for you:

Check for project Approval and License
Check how far are the projects with nearby business or industrial locations for ease of travel. 
Verify about developer/builder associated with residential property
Only the local banks are supporting the project? Or nationalized banks are supporting too?
Any recent projects completed by the developer and its success/quality of the construction. 
What is the rental income of other similar projects in the area
Are their nearby markets, schools and shopping complex. 
Jhusi, Naini, Civil Lines &Jhalwa are the top and premium localities for having a residential apartment.

Which Projects Can Yield Higher Returns In Amidst Of Slowdown In Prayagraj?
If you are planning to invest in Prayagraj, consider investing in the projects of Omaxe Group in the area as not only they are one of the reputed developers in the area, but also their Omaxe Shiva and Omaxe Shiva Phase II are ready for possession. Furthermore, there is the assurance of not blocking your investment amidst the slowdown. The Omaxe Shiva Phase II was launched owing to the success of Omaxe Shiva and it's quite evident that investing in either of the projects will yield high returns.

OMAXSHIVA PRAYAGRAJ
Location: Omaxshiva, GH-6, Waterfront Hi-Tech City, Naini, Prayagraj Project Type: G+3 Storey, 3 BHK Premium Floors with a Store on Terrace RERA Regd. No: UPRERAPRJ16638 | www.up-rera.in

PRICE:62 LAKH -  78 LAKH
Project Status: Under Construction/Sold Out

OVERVIEW
If you are looking for premium 3 BHK flats in Prayagraj, Omaxshiva and all phases on the banks of Ganga could be the place to settle your search. Omaxshiva and all phases, situated in the Waterfront Hi-Tech City, is the residential complex with premium 3 BHK apartments. The unique location makes this project an attractive proposition for those looking for a peaceful dwelling environment and yet staying close to the city.

Omaxeshiva is a part of GH-6 having a total project area of about 3 acres and has 12 Blocks, 96 units, and G+3 floors. Basic amenities inside the property premises include all the basic and essential amenities.  Home buyers would love the design and green open spaces inside the residential complex. 

Omaxe is not only committed to making the ideal projects as landmark constructions across the country, but is also strongly focused on meticulous design. Omaxe uses quality standard building materials and reinforced structures for earthquake and flood-resistant buildings. With a keen focus on the pulse of the real estate market, the company looks ahead to build masterpieces that are an ideal synthesis of green landscapes and cutting-edge design.

LOCATION BENEFITS & TOP REASONS TO INVEST
Location Benefits
Near Triveni Sangam: 2 KM Delhi Public school: 1 KM Someshwar Mahadev Temple: 2 KM Mahesh Yogi Ashram: 4 KM

FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS
What Are The Property Types Available In OmaxeShiva?
OmaxeShiva offers 3 BHK flats with elegant interiors that would fulfill your desire of living in a world-class setup. Wide balconies here would be another great attraction as these would give the residents a wonderful opportunity to enjoy the fabulous views outside.

What Is The Size Of OmaxeShiva?
OmaxeShiva is spread over an area of 11 acres of land and is equipped with modern and well-thought-of amenities and features that would go a long way in ensuring that those living here do not feel the slightest of inconvenience and enjoy a hassle-free and comfortable living.

What Is The Status Of OmaxeShiva?
The project is under construction and is one of the most sought-after residential properties in Prayagraj. Equipped with a range of amenities, the project is also strategically located which makes it one of the best residential projects to invest in Prayagraj.

Where Is OmaxeShiva Located?
OmaxeShiva is located on the banks of Yamuna in Naini, Prayagraj. Living here you would get a wonderful opportunity to experience peace and calmness rush through you as you look out of your window towards the Triveni Sangam and fill your home with spirituality, positivity, and cheer.

OMAXSHIVA PHASE II Resedential property
Location: Omaxshiva, GH-6, Hi-Tech City, Naini, Prayagraj Project Type: G+3 Storey, 3 BHK Premium Floors with a Store on Terrace RERA Regd. No: UPRERAPRJ998764 | www.up-rera.in


price:59 LAKH -  75 LAKH
Project Status: Under Construction


OVERVIEW
If you are looking for premium 3 BHK flats in Prayagraj, Omaxshiva Phase II on the banks of Ganga could be the place to settle your search. Omaxshiva Phase II, situated in the Waterfront Hi-Tech City, is a residential complex with premium 3 BHK apartments. The greatest thing about Omaxshiva Phase II is that it is near the holy river revered by millions - Ganga! To bathe in the holy Ganga is a dream cherished by a millions of Indians.

Omaxeshiva, Phase II is a part of GH-6 having a total project area of about 3 acres and has 15 Blocks, 120 units, and G+3 floors. Basic amenities inside the property premises include all the basic of land essential amenities. Omaxshiva Phase II is not only fit for a great lifestyle, but also for those who love to stay fit. State-of-the-art fitness equipment at the lovely gym ensures that you are always ready to face life on the go! Omaxshiva Phase II apartments are grandly spacious. Beautifully designed for the free and full flow of air and sunlight, the apartments at Omaxshiva Phase II are huge and luxurious, which are a blessing indeed!

Omaxe is not only committed to making the ideal projects as landmark constructions across the country, but is also strongly focused on meticulous design. Omaxe uses quality standard building materials and reinforced structures for earthquake and flood-resistant buildings. With a keen focus on the pulse of the real estate market, the company looks ahead to build masterpieces that are an ideal synthesis of green landscapes and cutting-edge design.

The modern clubhouse is a haven of leisure and relaxation. Right from a card room to billiards, pool, and a swimming pool, the clubhouse here is a delight to spend time in. With the many options that are available, you can have a great time with family, friends or even by yourself

Location Benefits
Near Triveni Sangam: 2 KM Delhi Public school: 1 KM Someshwar Mahadev Temple: 2 KM Mahesh Yogi Ashram: 4 KM

FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS

What Are The Property Types Available In OmaxeShiva Phase II?
OmaxeShiva Phase II would offer 3 BHK flats with elegant interiors that would come with a range of amenities. Wide balconies here would be another great attraction as these would not only add a dash of beauty to the construction but would also give the residents a wonderful opportunity to enjoy the fabulous views outside

What Is The Size Of OmaxeShiva Phase II?
OmaxeShiva Phase II is spread across an area of 3 acres of land and would be spread across 12 towers over 3 floors and would be equipped with a range of modern amenities that would fulfill your desire of living in a world-class setup at throwaway rates.

What Are The Property Types Available In OmaxeShiva Phase II?
What Is The Size Of OmaxeShiva Phase II?
What Is The Status Of OmaxeShiva Phase II?
The project is under construction and is one of the most sought-after residential properties in Prayagraj. Equipped with a range of amenities, the project is also strategically located which makes it one of the best residential projects to invest in Prayagraj.
Where Is OmaxeShiva Phase II Located?
Omaxshiva Phase II, situated in the waterfront hi-tech city and is one of the best residential options for those who want to live in a peaceful and tranquil setting away from the noise and pollution of the city close to the peaceful and pious location of the Holy Triveni Sangam.




OMAXSHIVA PHASE III
Location: Arail, Naini Prayagraj Project Type: G+3 Storey, 3 BHK Premium Floors with a Store on Terrace RERA Regd. No: UPRERAPRJ358013 | www.up-rera.in
Price: 78 LAKH ONWARDS*
Project Status: Just launched

Overview
UPGRADE YOUR LIFESTYLE FOR A BETTER LIFE
Close to Triveni Sangam, Omaxshiva Phase III provides a unique opportunity to own your dream home in Prayagraj-the city at the confluence of the three holy rivers. With Omaxshiva Phase III, you can now settle down in the cradle of spirituality and still be connected to the city. Omaxshiva Phase III offers premium exclusive and superior 3 BHK flats that have all the modern amenities and facilities. Omaxe is not only committed to make the ideal projects as landmark constructions across the country. but is also strongly focused on meticulous design. Omaxe uses quality building materials and reinforced structures for earthquake and flood-resistant buildings. With a keen focus on the pulse of the real estate market, the company looks ahead to build masterpieces which are an ideal synthesis of green landscapes and cutting-edge design

TOP REASONS TO BUY THE PROPERTY
Properties from Omaxe have it all, whether you want a home or return on investment
FLOOR PLANS
Here we present a thoughtful and ingenious layout of your own independent floor.

Location Benefits
Near Triveni Sangam: 2 KM Delhi Public school: 1 KM Someshwar Mahadev Temple: 2 KM Mahesh Yogi Ashram: 4 KM


OMAXE AANANDA
Location: Sector - 7 Waterfront Hi-Tech City Project Type: 2BHK, 2 BHK + STUDY & 3 BHK Apartments RERA Regd. No: TOWER A: UPRERAPRJ5031 | TOWER B: UPRERAPRJ9143 | TOWER D: UPRERAPRJ5019 | TOWER F: UPRERAPRJ5381
price:34.09 LAKH -  67.5 LAKH
Project Status: Possession Soon


Overview
Live a Life Full of Aanand
If you are someone who values calm and peaceful surroundings then Omaxe Ananda is where you should be heading. Settled amidst well-maintained gardens, the project would be a perfect getaway from the heat and dust of the city while being close to nature. Wake up to the early morning breeze amidst the chirping of birds that would work like a balm for your tired body and soul.

Omaxe Ananda also enjoys strategic location and offers easy access to a host of prominent locations like Cotton Mill Tiraha Bus Stop, Prayagraj Chheoki Junction, and Naini Junction. Moreover, the project area is also surrounded by well-developed social amenities like education and healthcare centres, market place, etc. that can take care of most of your requirements with ease.

The accommodation at Omaxe Ananda would be available in 2/3 BHK spacious apartments that would give you the freedom to live without feeling cramped. Innovative ventilation here would ensure that fresh air and natural light reach every flat with ease making them appear fresh and well-lit at all times. Wide balconies, on the other hand, would give the residents a wonderful opportunity to enjoy the beautiful sunrise and sunset.

A wide range of amenities would be made available at Omaxe Ananda that would make life very easy for the residents here. Some of the prominent amenities offered here would include premium clubhouse, mini theater, children’s play area, gym and spa, jogging and cycle track, musical fountains, and much more.


Location Benefits
Near Triveni Sangam: 2 KM Delhi Public school: 1 KM Someshwar Mahadev Temple: 2 KM Mahesh Yogi Ashram: 4 KM



FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS
What Are The Property Types Available In OmaxeShiva Phase II?
Omaxe Ananda would offer 2/3 BHK flats with elegant interiors that would come with a range of amenities. Wide balconies here would be another great attraction as these would not only add a dash of beauty to the construction but would also give the residents a wonderful opportunity to enjoy the fabulous views outside.

What Is The Size Of Omaxe Ananda?
The flats at Omaxe Ananda would be spread into 1140, 1250, 1480, and 1485 Sq. Ft and would come with all the amenities that are essential for comfortable and hassle-free living.

What Is The Status Of Omaxe Ananda?
Omaxe Ananda is under construction and is one of the most sought-after residential properties in Prayagraj. Equipped with a range of amenities, the project is also strategically located which makes it one of the best residential projects to invest in Prayagraj.

Where Is Omaxe Ananda Located?
Omaxe Ananda is located in Sector - 7 Waterfront Hi-Tech City in Prayagraj and offers easy access to a host of prominent locations like Cotton Mill Tiraha Bus Stop, Prayagraj Chheoki Junction, and Naini Junction. The project area is also surrounded by well-developed social amenities like education and healthcare centres, market place, etc. that can take care of most of your requirements with ease





Derabassi FACT SHEET
Derabassi, a satellite town of Chandigarh, is 8 km away from it. What attracts people to this town is the well-planned infrastructure and pristine greenery. An industrial and educational hub, the town is going to form a continuous link with Chandigarh as the city expands.

The town is also emerging as a great real estate investment option. Since there has been a general  economic upturn after the pandemic, the town is going to see a steady appreciation of property value as new growth opportunities emerge and there is an influx of people in the town. The railway board has also recently floated a tender for the new Chandigarh-Baddi rail line which will also bring new businesses to town. The town is gradually becoming a preferred destination for people trying to move away from the hustle and bustle of Chandigarh and settle in greenery and peace, which the city offers plenty of.
Omaxe has built a well-equipped township in Derabassi which seeks to provide paradisal comfort with green surroundings and is the crowning glory among the projects of the Brand Omaxe, which has spread its roots in 8 states and 28 cities.
BOUT DERABASSI TOWNSHIP
Omaxe Derabassi township aims to provide the best-in-class services to its consumers. Omaxe has two residential projects -Omaxe Greens and Greens 2, which are close to the best schools, transport systems, hospitals, offices, etc which saves you valuable time. 
The township is an architectural marvel surrounded by pristine greenery and is constructed keeping in mind the needs of the modern home buyer. It is a place where you can delight in beautiful spaces and make memories for a lifetime. 
The Derabassi township is well-equipped with all the facilities required for modern living. It has spacious multi-purpose halls, an open gym for kids, swimming pools, hi-tech security, amazing parks, and a chic club to name a select few. If you are looking for a place that enjoys excellent connectivity with Chandigarh and yet has an appealing character of its own, then Derabassi township is the place for you.

FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS
Why Should You Settle In Derabassi? 
Derabassi is a satellite town for Chandigarh and is the new address for the aspirational as well as the elite in Chandigarh. Though being an industrial town, it is away from the hubbub of Chandigarh City, yet connected to it so that you can enjoy all the sights and hotspots. 
Why Should You Choose Omaxe Derabassi Township As Your Next Dream Home Location? 
Omaxe Derabassi township is a part of the 35 years of a rich legacy of Omaxe and is well equipped with all the modern amenities required for a convenient living. The township is conveniently located among pristine greenery so that you can unwind in nature and spend quality time with your loved ones.
Why Should You Settle In Derabassi? 
Why Should You Choose Omaxe Derabassi Township As Your Next Dream Home Location? 
What Is The Product Portfolio Of Omaxe Derabassi Township? 
The product portfolio of Derabassi Township by Omaxe consists of G+4, S+4 and Villas. 
What Are The Property Rates In Derabassi Town? 
Property rates in Derabassi start from Rs 3100 sq.ft.
What You Should Look For While Selecting A Property To Settle Down Or To Invest? 
Some of the important points to look for are : 

Check for approval and license. 

Check how far are the projects with nearby business or industrial locations for ease of travel.  

Verify about developer/builder associated with residential property 

Only local banks are supporting the project or nationalized banks are supporting it too? 

Any recent projects completed by the developer and its success/quality of the construction.  

What is the rental income of other similar projects in the area 

Are there markets, schools and shopping complex nearby?  





OMAXE GREENS 2
Location: Derabassi, NH-1, Punjab Project Type: G+4, S+4, Villa Independent Floors RERA Regd. No: PBRERA-SAS79-PR0284

price: 31.72 LAKH -  48.44 LAKH
Project Status: Under Construction


OVERVIEW
Known for developing an exclusive range of iconic projects in Derabassi, Omaxe now unveils its much-awaited affordable housing project, while maintaining the same premium quality norms and passion for perfection. Fenced on all sides with meadows of greens and located on the most prime area of National Highway-152, Omaxe Greens-2 is the only planned development project in the area.

Omaxe Greens-2 has been developed to accommodate about 500 families. The most elegant residential Flats in Derabassi is designed to provide the residents with more safe and hassle-free living. Extreme attention has been given to design and quality. Omaxe Greens-2 offers 2 and 3 BHK in Derabassi in Ground+4 formation. These floors are designed for comfort and luxury desires in their place of living.

An area of 1610 Sq. Ft. Offers more spacious rooms with huge balconies opening with kids play areas. You are happily welcomed to a new world of luxury villas in Derabassi a project that answers most of your questions through its community, club, homes, penthouse, and its location. Omaxe Greens-2 aims to make your dream of owning a premium house property at prime location come true.

Perks of Location
Shopping mall: 3 km Harsh Medicos Pharmacy: 3 km Prathmic Vidyalaya school: 3 km




OMAXE GREENS
Location: Derabassi Project Type: 2 BHK & 3 BHK Flats RERA Regd. No: PBRERA-SAS79-PR0039
Project Status: Delivered


OVERVIEW
Omaxe Greens is a residential township project in Derabassi, Punjab. The project is well equipped with all the world class amenities to satisfy all the needs of the residents of Derabassi. Omaxe Greens are premium luxury apartments with 2 and 3 BHK flats in Derabassi. The project offers 2/3 BHK flats from Area 892 to 1750 sq. ft. Omaxe Greens is in the premium locality of the city. Apart from the locality highlights, the people living in the Derabassi are well-known and respected people of the society.

Omaxe Greens is spread over an approx. 16 acres and at a stone throw distance for all facilities. Extremely affordable yet spacious 2 BHK's and 3 BHK's in the heart of Punjab's fastest-growing city! In the crowd of other residential projects, Omaxe Greens is an exceptional project with international and modern facilities.

Full-time electricity and water, modern facilities like swimming pool, health club etc. and an adjacent shopping complex take care of all day-to-day needs. 24*7 security and highly maintained walks and parks make the Omaxe Greens true heaven for residents already experiencing the superior specifications.

Dreams define us just as much as making perfect judgements regarding your own future. Here is a new perspective to city living in Derabassi a project that answers most of your questions through its Community, Central location, facilities, clubhouse, and services.

Omaxe Greens at Derabassi is a developing prominent residential and commercial location. With a host of services and amenities, you will enjoy a good time throughout your routine, and good memories will be cherished by generation to generation.


Perks of Locations
Shopping Mall: 5 KM Binder Atta Chakky & Gen Store: 5 KM Don Bosco, Sr. Sec. School: 5 KM Ambala – Worship: 5 KM Passport office: 5 KM Ambika Devi Mandir: 5 KM







Indore FACT SHEET
Indore lies 200 km west of Bhopal and is the most populous city in the Indian state of Madhya Pradesh. An industrial and financial hub of Central India, the city is also a prime education centre and is home to the prestigious IIM. Trade and commerce have developed through the centuries in this central Indian City which has always connected North Indian trade to the Deccan. 

With the recent upturn in the economy and a general revival post-pandemic, the real estate sector will see a great uptick in demand. The demand for customised plots has also seen an uptick since people want exclusivity accompanied by the convenience of a gated community and its security.
Omaxe has developed a spacious and well-designed township in Indore, which is an architectural innovation and a feather in its cap. The brand Omaxe is now spread in 28 cities across 8 states.

ABOUT INDORE TOWNSHIP
Omaxe Township has 16 residential projects in Indore of which 4 are ready to move,2 are under construction and the rest are delivered. The projects contain a mix of villas, apartments and plots. The townships are modern marvels in their own right. 
The contemporary infrastructure blends well with the cultural heritage of the town. The township is fitted with ultra-modern amenities. Some projects have also incorporated schools and medical centres inside them, while top educational institutions and financial centres are also nearby. 
These residential centres have been built using the latest technological innovations in civil engineering and are future-ready. Residential projects also have the options for individual plots so you can now own your dream self-customised home





FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS
Why Should You Settle In Indore?
Indore is a city with a rich cultural heritage and is famous for its palaces, temples and handloom industries. It is a premium educational hub home to both IITs and IIM and is one of the prominent tier 2 cities in India.

Why Should You Choose Omaxe Indore Township?
Indore Omaxe Township is an architectural marvel with all the modern conveniences and amenities to lead a wonderful life. The township has plots in various sizes so that you can build your own dream home according to your own specifications

What Are The Best Places To Settle In Indore?
The best places to settle in Indore are Vijay Nagar, AB Road, LIG Colony, and Baliyakhedi.
What Are The Property Rates In Indore?
The average property rate in Indore is Rs 4300/sq.ft.



OMAXE CITY ANNEX VILLAS
Location: NH-3, Agra - Bombay Highway, Indore, Madhya Pradesh Project Type: 4BHK Apartment Villa RERA Regd. No
Project Status: Delivere



OVERVIEW
Out of all the villa projects in Indore, Annex Villas in Omaxe City are the most popular. The Annex Villas in Omaxe City offer superbly spacious villas with an area ranging between1650 sq. ft. to 1750 sq. ft. Secondly, the villas are 3 BHK and 4 BHK. If you have a big family and you have guests almost round the year, it makes sense to invest in luxury villas in Indore.

The third and the most important reason why it has become a favorite of many is that these are very carefully designed villas that have made the best use of the available space resulting into becoming the finest and the most spacious creation by a team of skilled and professional artisans. Another delightful feature is the location of the villas. To add further, these 3BHK and 4BHKvilla in Indore sport some exquisite features and offer superb amenities. Lastly, the greenery and the feeling of staying in a township that too of Omaxe, have made these villas the chartbusters.
Omaxe City, Mayakhedi, is an integrated township having plots, individual homes, villas, residential apartments, shopping areas, and clubhouse which is spread in a lavish area of several acres. Imagine waking up in a lush green landscape with slowly sipping hot coffee while you enjoy nothing but the opulence around, isn’t that mesmerizing?
The facilities in the vicinity such as parks, shopping malls, supermarket, grocery stores, within the township will give you the kind of lifestyle you would have dreamt of. An exquisite club called as Omaxe Club Heaven will make your life more luxurious because you will be able to enjoy the pool, sauna, steam, jacuzzi, banquet hall, gym, sports like lawn tennis and table tennis, and many more recreational facilities here.


Petrol Pump: 1 Km
Shopping Mall: 3 Km School: 3 Km Railway station: 14 Km






OMAXE CITY G+2
Location: NH-3, Agra - Bombay Highway, Indore, Madhya Pradesh Project Type: 3BHK Apartments RERA Regd. No: 1760-1950 sq. ft.
Project Status: Delivered


OVERVIEW
Omaxe City G+2 in Mayakhedi Extension, Indore is a world-class integrated township. Crafted with state-of-the-art technology and impeccable architecture, this next-generation township is for those who seek to experience an ultra-modern lifestyle. With its magnificent architecture, open interiors and marvellous landscaping, it will fill your every moment of life with complete positivity and leisure.

Designed meticulously with attention to every minute detail, the township will certainly delight you with many surprises. It is packed with world-class amenities like a luxury clubhouse, shopping complex, supermarket, grocery store, swimming pool, sauna, steam, jacuzzi, banquet hall, gym, lawn tennis and table tennis court, and much more to provide all the basic amenities at disposal.

As you roam around the locality, you will enjoy the spellbinding view of vibrant greenery. On top, the seamless connectivity to the adjacent regions and cities through the best means of public transport will make your commutation completely hassle-free.

Comprising of luxurious 3 BHK flats in Indore, the apartments have been carefully and skillfully designed to utilize the maximum living space. Each flat embodies a luxurious lifestyle with swarming opulence. It gives you a personal space to have a discerning lifestyle. Constructed under the excellent guidance of top-notch architects, the flats have proper ventilation of air and sunlight. The total area allocated for the 3 BHK flats in the township is 1760 sq. ft., 1900 sq. ft. and 1950 sq. ft. Adding to the perks, the project is duly approved by Town & Country Planning, Madhya Pradesh.

 So, if you are planning to buy a property in Indore, Omaxe City G+2 is the right choice for you.


Perks of Location
Omaxe City By Pass Physiotherapy Clinic Somdeep Park Schools, ATMs and Shopping Mall








OMAXE CITY VILLAS
Location: NH-3, Agra - Bombay Highway, Indore, Madhya Pradesh Project Type: 3BHK Apartments RERA Regd. No:
Project Status: Delivered


OVERVIEW
Dreaming of living in a home that is loaded with architectural beauty and superior specifications? Have a peep into the City Villas by Omaxe. Situated in one of the most desirable locations of the recent times, NH-3 Agra-Bombay bypass, Indore, the Omaxe City Villas have got everything you would have ever wanted. These super stylish villas exhibit fine creativity and a grandiose outlook.

Omaxe City Villas are a limited-edition villa which is crafted in the duplex fashion. The duplex villas are available in two sizes of 1757 sq. ft. and 1827 sq. ft. These villas in Indore which will never fail to mesmerize you, exhibit a modern architecture which can suit to your modish lifestyle.

Responding to the needs of people, these villas are especially crafted open and airy. It is made quite spacious with nature-friendly features such as green cover, rainwater harvesting, environment-friendly garbage disposal, and sewage treatment. This is how we can contribute our bit for creating a cleaner and a better society.

Omaxe City-1, at Mayakhedi is a township spread over several acres of land. One of the beautiful aspects of opting for this villa projects in Indore will be your ability to enjoy the facilities offered by the township. Who doesn’t want to be a part of a township that has a lush green landscape around with a view of several plots, many residential apartments, a shopping complex, a super luxurious clubhouse, and much more? A comprehensive township has become the need of the hour where people are aiming to enjoy a modern living with all the conveniences around, and this is exactly what is being provided by Omaxe.


Perks of Location
Bus Stop: 3 km School: 1 km Physiotherapy hospital: 6 km Petrol Pump: 100 mtr. Indore Railway station: 13 km



OMAXE HILLS
Location: Omaxe Hills, Indore Bypass Road, Nihalpur Mundi, Machala, Madhya Pradesh, India Project Type: Developed Plots RERA Regd. No:
Project Status: Ready to Move

OVERVIEW
Nestled in the foothills of the evergreen Vindhyachal Range on the Agra-Bombay highway, Omaxe Hills is set to recreate the magic of its earlier projects in Indore, Omaxe City Mayakhedi and Omaxe City Mangliya.

Proposed to be built over approx. 90 acres, Omaxe Hills, an integrated township, has a varied option for buyers, from exquisite villas to exclusive plots and multi-storey apartments. A pollution free environment acts as an added perk to make this project extremely desirable. Besides a host of features like hospitals, shopping and entertainment mall, state-of-the-art club, school to name a few results in an uptick in the incredibility of Omaxe Hills. Moreover, accessibility to nearby cities, as well as Indore is always a plus.

The tested reliability and trust that Omaxe has created in the city gives you all reasons to land a home here. With the success two townships, Omaxe Hills is the next catch following up that will endeavour to better the lifestyle in Indore.

Perks of Location
IPS Academy Kwickneeds Private Limited Omaxe Club Canyon Indore





OMAXE GREENS
Location: Baliyakhedi, Omaxe City-1, Indore Project Type: Plots RERA Regd. No: UP8520012
Project Status: Delivered
OVERVIEW
The concept of self-constructed homes has recently got enormous traction. Today, there is a large segment of people who prefer to buy a plot and construct their home. There are many reasons behind this option becoming popular among home buyers. First of all, it gives you an option to have a customized home, suiting your requirements. Secondly, you don’t have to compromise with the design and the architecture, as you are the whole sole who has to decide everything.

Omaxe Greens at Baliyakhedi, Indore is a world-class residential project. With plots of size 1000 sq. ft., it is an ideal destination for people willing to live in their self-constructed homes. The location of the project has been strategically chosen on AB bypass, offering good connectivity to the adjacent parts of the city. Adding to the perks, all the major amenities like schools, hospitals and shopping complexes are just a stone’s throw away from the premises. Since Indore has been accorded with the title of being the cleanest city in India, having your plot is this beautiful city is certainly something you should aspire for.
Perks of Location
ICICI Bank ATM: 3.7 KM Bombay Hospital: 7 KM Kibs Hospital: 6.6 KM Choithram International School: 2.2 KM Delhi Public School: 2.6 KM








OMAXE HIGH STREET APARTMENT
Location: NH-3, Agra - Bombay Highway, Indore, Madhya Pradesh Project Type: Commercial Space, Apartments & Shops RERA Regd. No: UP851002154
Project Status: Delivered
OVERVIEW
High Street Apartments in Indore are a premium yet affordable 1BHK and 2 BHK apartments in Indore. The flats have varied choices of the square feet area, which are 615 sq. ft., 640 sq. ft., 910 sq. ft., and 940 sq. ft. The High Street Apartment, Indore offers both the flats and the shops for sale. The sq. ft. area of the shops is 286.67 sq. ft. It is a good option for the residents who also want to own a sho, which is just a few steps away to run a business on their own or to rent it out.

High Street Apartment is rightly adjudged as the finest apartments for sale in Indore and one of the most lucrative options of investment. Investing in a 1BHK or a 2 BHK home is always wise because they are better selling as compared to the 3 BHK apartment. Also, as per many real estate studies, the people who look for an apartment on rent prefer 2 BHK and 1 BHK over a 3 BHK apartment. The apartment culture is getting more acceptance every passing year in many growing cities of the country, and under these circumstances, the new property projects in Indore like High Street Apartment is a supreme choice for the people.

Various options of the sizes of 615 sq. ft., 640 sq. ft., 910 sq. ft. and 940 sq. ft. enable the buyer to invest as per his needs and budget. This new township in Indore by Omaxe provides its residents unmatched lifestyle by enabling them to enjoy in-house facilities of the club, security systems, power back up, and water supply and much more. The charm and scenic landscape of the area are inviting more and more people of Indore to join the family of this new and modish township.
Perks of Loaction
Gems Public School: 3 Km Shopping Mall: 3 Km Bus Stop: 3 Km Physiotherapy Hospital: 3 Km









OMAXE CITY MANGLIYA COURT
Location: NH-3, Agra - Bombay Highway, Indore, Madhya Pradesh Project Type: 2BHK Villa
Project Status: Delivered
OVERVIEW
If you have been searching for a 2 BHK Villa in Indore or anywhere else, you would have observed that all you get is the compact Villas restricted to the sq. ft area of 1000 sq. ft or a maximum area of 1200 sq. ft. To make the Villas affordable, many builders have ceased curating a super spacious 2 BHK, and therefore there is always a dearth of an extensive 2 BHK. But here in Omaxe City Mangliya Court the buyers can live lavishly and spread their arms wide as they offer an expansive sq. ft area of 1400 sq. ft.

Buying a home is a one-time investment for many, and you do not want to compromise in that. So why not buy a lavish one. Are you worried about the affordability? The mouth-watering fact is that these exquisite and super spacious 2 BHK house in Indore are available at reasonable prices. Omaxe City Mangliya Court offers 87 units that sport a unique design, superb specifications, and a mesmerizing architecture.

The Villa in Mangliya is a part of grandiose Omaxe city 2 where the residents are provided lush greenery, open spaces, and airy insides to cherish their stay in Mangliya for a lifetime.  The amenities like rainwater harvesting, environment-friendly waste disposal and sewage treatment are few of the offerings.
These residential house in Indore are a part of 89 acres lush green and modish township. The plots, Villas, and villas are offered best in class facilities and amenities like parks, gardens, shopping centres, clubhouse, grocery supermarket, commercial house, educational institutes and schools, and much more within the township so that every facility is just a walk away

Perks of Location
Bus Stop: 3 Km Shopping Mall: 3 Km Gems Public School: 3 Km Vedant Hospital: 8 km Railway Station: 14 Km








OMAXE CITY PLOTS
Location: NH-3, Agra - Bombay Highway, Indore, Madhya Pradesh Project Type: Developed Plots
price: 50 LAKH -  1 CRORE
Project Status: Under Construction

OVERVIEW
With yet another milestone in the city of Indore, Omaxe is set to recreate the success story of Omaxe City, Mayakhedi. Strategically located on the Agra-Bombay bypass, these plots are a step ahead in terms of keeping pace with the fast-changing economic status of the city. With the introduction of the fast upcoming IT hub, the project intends to provide desirable living space assimilating the Hi-tech features.

Spread over a staggering 89 acres and amidst lush green serene surroundings, the project enables a healthy lifestyle. The modern township comprises villas and plots (area ranging from 1453 sq. ft. to 4359 sq. ft.) with all facilities and amenities such as green parks, club, local shopping centre, grocery store and many more all within the township limits.

With the Industrial belt of Dewas 20 km away and presence of various other institutions and schools, the township stands to gain from the buzzing commercial and educational activity

Perks of Location
Petrol Pump Graduate School Of Business Gurudwara Guru Nanak Bunga Sahib






OMAXE CITY ANNEX PLOTS
Location: NH-3, Agra - Bombay Highway, Indore, Madhya Pradesh Project Type: Plots
Project Status: Delivered
OVERVIEW
The perfect addition to Omaxe’s dream plots for building your ideal home are the plots in the sizes between 1100 and 2100 sq. ft. With varied options, the plots have been in great demand considering its location. Besides, the advantage of staying in a township is an added charm.

Built on approx. 250 acres, Omaxe City, Mayakhedi is an integrated township nestled in the green lush landscape. With plots, residential apartments, shopping complex and the operational state-of-the-art club, inhabitants have now become a part of the success story of Omaxe City in the lanes of Indore.

Facilities like theme parks, state-of-the art club, local shopping centre, grocery store within the township limits are all contemporary. Keeping in mind the lifestyle, the modern and exquisite club Omaxe Club Heaven is stuffed with facilities such as swimming pool, sauna, steam, jacuzzi, banquet hall, hi-tech gymnasium, lawn tennis court, table tennis and pool tables etc in the township each redefining leisure. The Township is duly approved by Town & Country Planning, Madhya Pradesh.





OMAXE CITY ANNEX HAPPY HOMES
Location: NH-3, Agra - Bombay Highway, Indore, Madhya Pradesh Project Type: 4BHK Apartment
Project Status: Delivered


OVERVIEW
These are plotted developments in Omaxe City, Mayakhedi extension. In the area of 1000 sq. ft. and 1500 sw. ft., these plots make for an enviable living. Facilities in the township are an added advantage for those owning these plots.

Built on approx. 250 acres, Omaxe City, Mayakhedi, an integrated township, is nestled in the green lush landscape. With plots, residential apartments, shopping complex and the operational state-of-the-art club, inhabitants have now become a part of the success story of Omaxe City in the lanes of Indore.

Facilities like theme parks, state-ofthe art club, local shopping centre, grocery store within the township limits are all contemporary. Keeping in mind the lifestyle, the modern and exquisite club Omaxe Club Heaven is stuffed with facilities such as swimming pool, sauna, steam, jacuzzi, banquet hall, hi-tech gymnasium, lawn tennis court, table tennis and pool tables etc in the township each redefining leisure. The Township is duly approved by Town & Country Planning, Madhya Prades




OMAXE CITY MAYAKHEDI EXTN
Location: NH-3, Agra - Bombay Highway, Indore, Madhya Pradesh Project Type: Plots
Project Status: Ready to Move

OVERVIEW
These delivered plots in the sizes between 2153 sq. ft. and 3320 sq. ft found takers within the shortest possible time because of its prominent location and a township as elegant as this.

Built on approx. 250 acres, Omaxe City, Mayakhedi, an integrated township, is nestled in the green lush landscape. With plots, residential apartments, shopping complex and the operational state-of-the-art club, inhabitants have now become a part of the success story of Omaxe City in the lanes of Indore.

Facilities like theme parks, state-ofthe art club, local shopping centre, grocery store within the township limits are all contemporary. Keeping in mind the lifestyle, the modern and exquisite club Omaxe Club Heaven is stuffed with facilities such as swimming pool, sauna, steam, jacuzzi, banquet hall, hi-tech gymnasium, lawn tennis court, table tennis and pool tables etc in the township each redefining leisure. The Township is duly approved by Town & Country Planning, Madhya Pradesh.



OMAXE DREAM HOMES
Location: NH-3, Agra-Bombay Highway, Indore, Madhya Pradesh Project Type: Plots RERA Regd. No: P-IND-17-902
Project Status: Delivered


OVERVIEW
If you want to invest in buying a spacious plot at a strategical location in Indore which also carries the name of a reputed and allegedly the best builder of the town, Omaxe Dream Homes is the perfect option for you. Omaxe Dream Homes is one of the finest plots in Indore where the people are offered to buy either a plot size of 1130 sq. ft or the plot size of 1453 sq. ft. If you aspire to build your own dream home customized to your needs and fancies, Omaxe Dream Homes will be a superb choice for you. 

The best part of the property is its location. It is nestled in the AB bypass which is a superbly developing area. The project already enjoys the attention of local homebuyers. The project has good connectivity, and you will find necessities like school, hospital, commercial hub, and temples in the vicinity. 
Investing in Omaxe Dream Homes is the best decision you can make considering the kind of quality and amenities delivered to the clients, that has surpassed all the expectations in the past. Another feather in the cap is its affordability. If you explore more and get into the details, you will be able to realize that Omaxe has offered the residential plots in Indore a price which is almost a steal, and Dream Homes is one of them.

The project is RERA registered. The project aims to be a lavish one with modish and state of the art facilities. If you have already made your mind to go with it, then you are welcome to be a part of Omaxe family.



Perks of the Location
Indore Railway station: 3 KM Airport: 10 KM Rajwada Palace: 4 KM Regional Park: 8 KM






SHUBHANGAN VILLA
Location: NH-3, Agra-Mumbai Highway, Indore, Madhya Pradesh Project Type: 3 BHK Villa Independent floor RERA Regd. No: UP52001325
Project Status: Delivered


OVERVIEW
Located at NH-3, Agra Mumbai Highway, Indore, the Omaxe Shubhangan Villas speaks of opulence and luxury. Built on an area of 1200 sq. ft., the villas have made optimum utilization of the space and hence has resulted in the spacious and well-crafted villas, that too at an economical price. There is no reason for you not to buy a property at Omaxe Shubhangan Villas when you have everything there, you would have ever dreamt of, in your home.

Omaxe City-1, Mayakhedi, is the township which is spread around 264 acres. You will find a variety of properties there such as plots, residential buildings, shopping malls, the clubhouse, and much more. Out of all the new projects in Indore, Omaxe Shubhangan Villas tops the chart for being one of the best Villa Indore property. It is conveniently located on the highway, giving the Villas a locational edge.

Shubhangan Villas by Omaxe are built with several brilliant facilities and amenities which becomes potent reasons to buy a property here. If you happen to visit the site, you will realize what kind of locational advantage is being talked about. The greenery and the landscape around the Villas will make you fall in love with it instantly. The facilities and the expanse of the project will leave you awe-struck. Imagine living in an upscale urban Villa with theme parks, clubs, school, hospital, shopping complexes, superstores, etc. around and well within your reach.

Omaxe Club Heaven is the state-of-the-art club that provides all modish facilities like swimming pool, steam, sauna, jacuzzi, banquet hall for functions, gym, lawn tennis court, table tennis court, pool tables etc. Already excited, aren’t you?


Perks of Location
Delhi Public School: 1Km Bombay Hospital: 6 Km Treasure Island Mall: 3 Km Reddission Hotel: 6mKm Bank of India: 3 Km







OMAXE PLOTS MAYAKHEDI
Location: NH-3, Agra - Bombay Highway, Indore, Madhya Pradesh Project Type: Developed Plots
Project Status: Ready to Move

OVERVIEW
On offer are plots in the sizes of 775 to 7530 sq. ft. in Omaxe City, Mayakhedi. Residents have begun to soak in the facilities of Omaxe City.

Built on approx. 250 acres, Omaxe City, Mayakhedi, an integrated township, is nestled in the green lush landscape. With plots, residential apartments, shopping complex and the operational state-of-the-art club, inhabitants have now become a part of the success story of Omaxe City in the lanes of Indore.

Facilities like theme parks, state-ofthe art club, local shopping centre, grocery store within the township limits are all contemporary. Keeping in mind the lifestyle, the modern and exquisite club Omaxe Club Heaven is stuffed with facilities such as swimming pool, sauna, steam, jacuzzi, banquet hall, hi-tech gymnasium, lawn tennis court, table tennis and pool tables etc in the township each redefining leisure. The Township is duly approved by Town & Country Planning, Madhya Pradesh.




OMAXE SHUBHANGAN
Location: Omaxe Shubhangan, Indore, Madhya Pradesh, India Project Type: Developed Plots
Project Status: Delivered
Omaxe Shubhangan IndoreRESIDENTIAL PROPERTY

OMAXE SHUBHANGAN
Location: Omaxe Shubhangan, Indore, Madhya Pradesh, India Project Type: Developed Plots RERA Regd. No:
Project Status: Delivered
ENQUIRE NOW
Home Properties in Indore Omaxe Shubhangan
OVERVIEW
In Omaxe City Mayakhedi extension, affordable plots of 800 and 1130 sq. ft. are available. These plots are made available considering the need, sentiments and affordability of the local populace. Facilities in the township add to the charm.

Built on approx. 250 acres, Omaxe City, Mayakhedi, an integrated township, is nestled in the green lush landscape. With plots, residential apartments, shopping complex and the operational state-of-the-art club, inhabitants have now become a part of the success story of Omaxe City in the lanes of Indore.

Facilities like theme parks, state-ofthe art club, local shopping centre, grocery store within the township limits are all contemporary. Keeping in mind the lifestyle, the modern and exquisite club Omaxe Club Heaven is stuffed with facilities such as swimming pool, sauna, steam, jacuzzi, banquet hall, hi-tech gymnasium, lawn tennis court, table tennis and pool tables etc in the township each redefining leisure. The Township is duly approved by Town & Country Planning, Madhya Pradesh.




OMAXE ANANDAM
Location: Anandam Baliyakhedi , Omaxe City - 1 AB By Pass Indore Project Type: Plot RERA Regd. No: P-IND-19-2245
Project Status: Delivered

Omaxe Anandam Overview
Real Estate Market of Indore in Growing Everyday. Reverse Migration from Metro cities Is Going to Increase New Real Estate Opportunity in Indore. Omaxe Anandam Is the Project Which Is Perfect for Making It Home as Well as Contain Investment Scope. Being near Bypass Provide Good Connectivity with Cities as Well as Greenery Around Will Make You Feel Calm and Content. Omaxe Anandam Is One of the Finest Plots in Indore Where the People Are Offered to Buy a Plot Size of 1000 Sq Ft. The Project Is Rera Registered. The Project Aims to Be a Lavish One with Modish and State of the Art Facilities. If You Have Already Made Your Mind to Go with It, Then You Are Welcome to Be a Part of Omaxe Family.




OMAXE CITY
Location: Sec 97 Greater Faridabad Project Type: Plot RERA Regd. No: HRERA-PKL-FBD-130-2019
Project Status: Ongoing
Home Properties in Faridabad Omaxe City
OVERVIEW
If you are someone who wants to live life on his term then Omaxe City, Faridabad is just the project where you should be heading. Spread over an area of 13.10 acres of land, it would offer you independent plots where you can raise your dream home exactly as per your specifications. The development would no doubt be a haven for homeowners as it would bring to you an environment that would revolve around your lifestyle with thoughtfully crafted amenities.

See your children play in lush green and well-maintained gardens and parks or go on shopping at the splendid street market. Give a happy beginning to your mornings with fun, friends & laughter in a lush green setup. A gated community with the round-the-clock presence of guards and CCTV coverage will give just the security cover you require for your dear ones so that you live in peace and without any worries.

The location of Omaxe City is another great USP of the project as it would bring the world to your doorstep. Some of the prominent destinations that fall close to the project area include Bata Chowk Metro Station, Badarpur Border, the proposed Jewar Airport, Eastern Peripheral Expressway, Omaxe World Street, and much more. Add to it the fact that the area is also surrounded by well-developed social amenities like education and health care centres, malls, multiplexes, etc., and the role played by the location of the project in making it popular easily comes to the fore.
LOCATION BENEFITS & TOP REASONS TO INVEST OMAXE CITY Faridabad 
Perks Of Location OMAXE CITY Faridabad
Near Amrita Hospital & Accord Hospital Near School Shiv Nadar/Dps/Shri Ram Millanium Connectivity to Delhi Mumbai Expressway Easy Connectivity to Greater Noida Jewar Airport Nearest Metro Station Bata Chowk Near to Delhi Border
FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS for Faridabad Omaxe City
What Are The Property Types Available In Omaxe City?
Omaxe City offers plots of different sizes ranging from 100 to 180 sq. ft. that would give people an option to opt for the one that serves their purpose. A gated community, Omaxe City would also be well protected with round-the-clock security and CCTV cameras which augurs very well for ladies and kids.
What Is The Size Of Omaxe City?
Omaxe City is spread around an area of 13.10 acres of land and is equipped with modern and well-thought-of amenities and features that would go a long way in ensuring that those living here do not feel the slightest of inconvenience and enjoy a hassle-free and comfortable living.
What Is The Status Of Omaxe City?
The project is completed and is ready to move. A range of well-planned amenities and strategic location that makes it very easy to travel anywhere in the city are some of its highlights that endear it to the masses and make it one of the most sought-after in the area.
Where Is Omaxe City Located?
Omaxe city is located in sector 97, Faridabad, and offers independent plots ranging from 100 sq. yd. to 180 sq. yd. where you can construct your home exactly as per your specifications and enjoy a life of comfort and luxury.


OMAXE HEIGHTS 2 & 3 BHK
Location: Omaxe Heights, Sector 86, Faridabad, Haryana, India Project Type: 2/3 BHK Apartments RERA Regd. No: UPO40015245
Project Status: Ready to Move
Home Properties in Faridabad Omaxe Heights 2 & 3 BHK
OVERVIEW
As a company whose sole vision is to change the dreams and aspirations of tier II cities, Omaxe presents the latest addition to its projects, Omaxe Heights with spacious apartments and a pool of amenities. The phased possession for the project has already commenced.

Comprising 2 /3 bedroom apartments with varied area choices, Omaxe Heights not only offers home but country club lifestyle to match the ambience. Facilities like play area and splash pool, this project is complemented by recreation and rejuvenation facilities like In-House Club with Snooker, Table Tennis / Squash / Basketball court etc., Multipurpose hall, Swimming pool, Gym & Health Club. More amenities like steam, jacuzzi and sauna are pouring within the complex planned to unwind for a heavenly lifestyle.
LOCATION BENEFITS & TOP REASONS TO INVEST in OMAXE HEIGHTS 2 & 3 BHK Faridabad
Perks of Location of OMAXE HEIGHTS 2 & 3 BHK Faridabad
Near Amrita Hospital & Accord Hospital Near School Shiv Nadar/Dps/Shri Ram Millanium Connectivity to Delhi Mumbai Expressway Easy Connectivity to Greater Noida Jewar Airport Nearest Metro Station Bata Chowk Near to Delhi Border

ROYAL RESIDENCY Faridabad
Location: Sector 79, Faridabad Project Type: 3BHK Apartments RERA Regd. No: 124 of 2017
Project Status: Sold Out
Home Properties in Faridabad Royal Residency
OVERVIEW
World Street, a one of its kind Commercial And Residential Project in the country is a presentation of Omaxe Group, a leading name in the real estate sector of India with a large number of successful projects to its credit.it is like a Royal Arena because two kingdom lies in world street, one is Royal Residency and other is Royal Street.

Omaxe Royal Residency is exclusively located. From here the views will remain continuing and soothingly ageless. Here you can experience the culture of live, work, shop, dine and entertainment at the same place. Another project glorifying World Street is Royal Street is going to be the most demanding street of the future as it has provisions for shops for all kind of Daily Requirements & it has beautiful architectures.

Perks of Location of ROYAL RESIDENCY Faridabad
Emerald Convent School: 0.4 KM Archana Physiotheraphy and Rehabilitation Centre: 2.0 KM Public Hospital Public Hospital: 0.5 KM Near Amrita Hospital & Accord Hospital Near School Shiv Nadar/Dps/Shri Ram Millanium Connectivity to Delhi Mumbai Expressway Easy Connectivity to Greater Noida Nearest Metro Station Bata Chowk Near to Delhi Border



OMAXE PALM GREENS
Location: Sector MU, Greater Noida, Uttar Pradesh Project Type: 2BHK, 3BHK, 3BHK+servant room, 4BHK+servant room RERA Regd. No:
Project Status: Ready to Move

Home Properties in Greater Noida Omaxe Palm Greens
OVERVIEW
Omaxe Greater Noida takes immense joy in introducing its new residential venture, Palm Greens. It has flats ranging from 2BHK to 3 BHK and more. These flats are located in the heart of Greater Noida area. The 2 BHK flats in Greater Noida are as spacious as the 3 BHK flats in the Greater Noida Palm Greens with attached servant quarters.  The infrastructure of Palm Greens is supplemented by exclusive global standard interiors as well as over the top exteriors. Its proximity to numerous hospitals, restaurants, banks, parks, schools and petrol pumps makes this place very approachable. The Palm Greens project is well connected to Delhi and Noida via the Expressway.

Blessed with nature friendly lifestyle, Palm Greens project ensure complete comfort, delight and pleasure. Omaxe Palm Greens offers some a superb ambience to raise a family and also provided amenities like swimming pool, club house, multipurpose room, children's play area, sports facility, rainwater harvesting, intercom, gymnasium, power backup, 24 x 7 security, landscaped gardens, indoor games, and maintenance staff. The extensive landscape around the flats tell a whole new story altogether. The project also offers you to buy flats in Greater Noida at a handsome cost. The project is well connected by different modes of transportation nearby including a bus stand. It is made keeping in mind a traditional family as well as a modern family. Kindly call us for details if you are planning to buy 2BHK and 3 BHK flats in Greater Noida. If you are looking for the best 2BHK and 3BHK ready to move flats in Greater Noida, then Omaxe residential properties is a perfect choice of preference. Omaxe Properties have the vision to provide 100% customer satisfaction and have completed many projects with 1, 2, 3 and 4 BHK flats with attached servant quarter in Greater Noida.

TOP REASONS TO BUY THE PROPERTY in Greater Noida Omaxe Palm Greens
Greater Noida is a well-planned and developing city in North India region with a great quality of life.
25 Minutes Drive From Delhi 1
Racing Track
Expressway
City Park
Parks
Water Supply
Vitrified Tiles
Playing Zone
Reserved Greens
Wifi

Perks of Location of Greater Noida Omaxe Palm Greens
Shri Krishna Lifeline Hospital: 3.36 Kms Wipro Special Economic Zone: 2.65 Kms Samay Institute of Mathematics: 3.5 Kms Bodaki Cricket Ground: 4 Kms

ORCHID AVENUE Greater Noida
Location: Sector MU, Greater Noida, Uttar Pradesh Project Type: 2BHK & 3BHK Apartments RERA Regd. No:
Project Status: Delivered

OVERVIEW of ORCHID AVENUE Greater Noida
Omaxe feels proud in introducing its next residential project, Omaxe Orchid Avenue in Greater Noida. Being in the heart of Greater Noida, Orchid Avenue has connectivity to Delhi as well as Noida via the Expressway. It is a low rise residential multi use building with great views and the surrounding environment.
Omaxe Orchid Avenue is strategical with different floor plans and storey. The project provides various amenities for a traditional as well as a modern lifestyle, like wide roads, play zones, gym, reserved parking lots, terrace gardens and much more. The buildings of Orchid Avenue are earthquake resistant and have round the clock power backup.
Orchid Avenue offers 2BHK flats in Greater Noida that are ready to move in. The venture has proximity to community hospitals, entertainment centres and also to various multinational companies. Both public and private schools and universities lie close to the
This is a residential project that offers very well designed 3BHK flats in Greater Noida. The project is well connected by various modes of transportation and is   located near 130 meter wide road with entry from 60 meter wide road.
Proposed Metro connectivity to Noida with multi-tier security within the premises makes it more amicable. Omaxe Orchid Avenue is well aligned with Yamuna Expressway. It has lush green surroundings with 3000 acres of a forest reserve that makes Orchid Avenue even more delightful. Orchid Avenue is complete with amenities required for a modern and contemporary lifestyle.
Orchid Avenue is one of the most reputable addresses of the city with easy access to all the major landmarks. The amenities offered to assure many choices to relax, revitalise and relish at your own home. To ensure safety to the residents, 24*7 perimeter guards and security devices have been installed. The project is designed in a way that provides proper ventilation along with wide space. The interiors and exteriors have been beautifully crafted with designer materials procured from different sources.

TOP REASONS TO BUY THE PROPERTY ORCHID AVENUE Greater Noida
Greater Noida is one of the well designed and developing cities in India with a great quality of life. The city is famous for its high rise residential buildings.
Parks
Water Supply
Vitrified Tiles
Car Parking
Garden
CCTV Access
Water Tank
Low Maintenance
24 Hr Security
RO Water System

Perks of Location ORCHID AVENUE Greater Noida
Jai Durga Public School: 3 km Dharamraj Hospital: 3.7 km INOX Movies: 3.6 km Public School: 4 km


OMAXE PALM VILLAS Greter Noida
Location: Sector MU, Greater Noida, Uttar Pradesh Project Type: 2BHK, 3BHK, 3BHK+SR & 4BHK+SR RERA Regd. No:
Project Status: Delivered

Home Properties in Greater Noida Omaxe Palm Villas
OVERVIEW of Greater Noida Omaxe Palm Villas
With the cost of many cities soaring high, Greater Noida is one such place which is becoming a viable option for property buyers. It is swiftly becoming the alternative housing destination for those who are not capable to find any good solutions in Delhi and Noida.
Omaxe Palm Villas is a residential project located at Sector MU of Greater Noida.These villas stroke your sensations to mollycoddle you to the undreamt desires. Charming and heartening through every corner of the home, these luxury villas in Greater Noida add to the feasibility, user friendly and sumptuous quotient.
Well connected to the National Capital and Noida through the Expressway, Palm Villas in Greater Noida spread over 24 acres, making it a highly alluring residential address. Besides the Palm Villas estate, the surrounding greenery and natural beauty make living there even more appealing. Because of fast developing area, ready to move villas in Greater Noida fascinate people from all financial backgrounds, especially the middle strata people. Greater Noida Industrial Development Authority (GNIDA) is also preparing to set up its own power plant which will help to provide continuous power supply.
Omaxe Palm Villas are ready to move in and are in close proximity to several gated residential communities. Many educational institutions and shopping malls are within the vicinity of the residential complex. Located in one of the most promising locations of Greater Noida, the development in nearby areas makes it worth living.  It is one of the most attractive options in the national capital region that offers best in comfort and quality of living with an attractive price bracket.Omaxe Palm Villas is a low-density project that is spread over lush green spaces. The location offers coherent residential units in a pocket friendly range. This vogue has given the opportunity to small and mid-sized developers to come up with their innovative residential projects.


TOP REASONS TO BUY THE PROPERTY in Greater Noida Omaxe Palm Villas
Greater Noida is one of the well planned and developing cities in India with a great quality of life. Villas in Greater Noida Expressway are a perfect blend of modern architecture and natural greenery.
Parks
Water Supply
Vitrified Tiles
Car Parking
Security
Wifi
Water Harvesting
24 Hr Security
RO Water System
Parking


Perks of Location Greater Noida Omaxe Palm Villas
Food points: 2.5 km Medical stores: 3 km Grocery stores: 1 km Shopping and entertainment: 4 km Public Hospital: 3 km



Home Properties in Ludhiana
Ludhiana FACT SHEET
Referred to as India s Manchester, the city of Ludhiana is known for its hosiery industry and was set up by the Lodhi Dynasty. Situated on the banks of river Sutlej, the city is spread over an area of 310km2 and is one of the growing real estate destinations in the country. 
With the current economic upturn post-pandemic, there will be a rise in the demand for real estate both commercial and residential as there is a creation of new jobs and opportunities in Ludhiana. The people of the current generation have been looking to settle down in gated communities where there is no dearth of amenities and conveniences. The retail realty sector also will boom because of the organised space it provides for businesses to be showcased and flourish. So the conditions are ripe for earning good returns from real estate.
Ludhiana is one of the prominent real estate cities in the arsenal of Omaxe, which comprises 8 states and 28 cities. Omaxe has built Ludhiana Township, employing the best engineering practices and architectural innovations, and offers a great product mix.

ABOUT LUDHIANA TOWNSHIP
The Ludhiana township known by the name of Royal residency Ludhiana is spread over an area of 65 acres and comprises 13 major projects with a varied portfolio spread across G+13 towers, G+3 and G+4 independent floors, SCO, and service studios to name a few.1000 plus families have already moved in the Township and have made it their dream home. 

The Royal Meridien, Rose Ville Ludhiana, Celestia Grand Premier (G+4), and The Royal Arcade (commercial mall) are the projects under construction while the Twin Towers have gone for possession.  

The projects have all the modern amenities that one would require, such as an ultra-modern clubhouse, urban swimming pool, sophisticated security, modern sports facilities and much more. The township has the added advantage of being close to schools and hospitals. 

Omaxe Ludhiana also boasts of an uber Omaxe Plaza Mall, which is operational and is a pride of Ludhiana.

CELESTIA GRAND PREMIER
Location: Omaxe Royal Residency, Pakhowal Road Ludhiana- 142022 Project Type: G+4 (Independent Floors) RERA Regd. No: PBRERA-LDH45-PR0681
 91 LAKH ONWARDS*
Project Status: Construction On Full Swing 

Home Properties in Ludhiana Celestia Grand Premier
Celestia Grand Premier - G+4 (Independent Floors)
A perfect blend of luxury and style, Celestia Grand Premier at Pakhowal Road in Ludhiana is designed to meet the requirement of the 21st-century generation. Set in a lush green setting, it would cut you from the dust and pollution of the city and take you on a nature trail that would replenish your tired body and mind. Embrace the opulent green spaces, take in the flower-scented fresh air, and breathe life into your life with breathtaking views amidst a beautiful landscape.

Another important USP of the Celestia Grand Premier that tilts the scale in its favour is its location which offers easy access to a host of prominent locations like Ludhiana Bypass Road, NH 95, Guru Nanak Road Thakkarwal, Jodhan - Raikot Road, and more. Add to it the fact that the area is also surrounded by well-developed social amenities like education and healthcare centres, malls, multiplexes, etc. and the role played by the location in making the project popular clearly comes to the fore.

The accommodation at Celestia Grand Premier would be available in 3/4 BHK spacious and elegant apartments that would fulfill your desire of living in a world-class setup. Innovative ventilation here would ensure that fresh air and natural light reach every flat while wide balconies would give the residents a wonderful opportunity to enjoy panoramic views outside.

The amenities offered here would be selected with great care and would ensure that the residents do not feel the slightest of inconvenience and enjoy hassle-free living. Some of the prominent amenities offered here would include a swimming pool, sports court, well-maintained parks, car parking, reserved parking, multipurpose hall, gym, and more.

Equipped with all the comforts and luxuries of life, the soon-to-come Celestia Grand Premier would be your answer to a world-class abode away from the hustle and bustle of the city in the lap of nature. Chuck the concrete and make a greener retreat at a place where the only noise you hear is the chirping of birds with nature as your neighbor. Celestia Grand Premier fits the bill perfectly.

ROYAL SIGNATURE
Location: Pakhowal road, Ludhiana, Punjab, India Project Type: PENTHOUSE | 5 BHK | 5 BHK + AV ROOM RERA Regd. No: PBRERA-LDH42-PR0840
 4.48 CRORE -  9.82 CRORE
Project Status: Just launched
Home Properties in Ludhiana Royal Signature
Royal Signature - Sheer Luxury, On the Rise
Experience Architectural Finesse

Omaxe Royal Signature boasts G+32 high-rise towers, standing tall like an ovation to the backdrop of open green spaces. The grand high-rise displays majestic architecture from all perspectives of infinite beauty and with a mind for exquisite taste hand-crafted for the select few, the project will offer exclusivity, space, and a lifestyle packed with ultra-modern features.

Built on advanced infrastructure and a futuristic approach, Ludhiana retains the fervour of a place where you wouldn't want to settle for anything less. Omaxe Royal Signature Towers is designed around a space to satisfy some of the most discerning choices in luxury high-rise living in spacious penthouses, an indulging 5 BHK, 5 BHK + AV Room, or a lavish penthouse in Ludhiana.
TOP REASONS TO BUY THE PROPERTY
Properties from Omaxe have it all, whether you want a home or return on investment
Natural Greens
Ultra Luxury
Swimming Pool
A Premium Club House
Township
24 Hr Security

LOCATION BENEFITS & TOP REASONS TO INVEST
Have a glance at all the advantages of selecting our township.
Perks of Location
Hospital: 2.74 KM School: 2.69 KM Railway Junction: 9 KM National Highway - 44 Upcoming International Airport: 20 min drive


ROYAL VIEW PREMIER
Location: Pakhowal Road, Ludhiana Project Type: 3 BHK + Servant Room Independent Floors RERA Regd. No:
Project Status: Delivered / Sold Out

Home Properties in Ludhiana Royal View Premier
OVERVIEW
A heavenly paradise of luxurious abodes, a place where the true essence of life transpires, welcome to Royal Residency Premiere

Located on Pakhowal Road, Ludhiana, Royal Residency Premiere is a luxurious residential township by Omaxe group that is spread across 36 acres of vast land. Exquisitely crafted with awe-inspiring architectural designs, the township comprises of luxurious 3 BHK+ servant room flats and amazingly spacious (1500 sq. ft.) 3 B/R floors with all the comforts of modern-day living like well-furnished rooms, hi-tech kitchen, luxurious bathroom and much more to pamper to your comfort cravings. It provides superior value through the visionary design aspects created by getting the customer insights.

This fabulous lifestyle is far enough from the industrial belt to give you a peaceful home environment with over 65% of the area covered by abundant greenery. Adding to the perks, the township possesses world-class health club designed by Leander Sports for a healthy physique, a shopping complex, and all the other essential amenities in the vicinity. And when such a tempting package of life is available to you at most suitable prices, what else do you need?

So, if you are planning to buy a house in Ludhiana, Omaxe Royal Residency Premier is the right choice for you.

TOP REASONS TO BUY THE PROPERTY Royal View Premier
Properties from Omaxe have it all, whether you want a home or return on investment
Tree Lined Jogging Track
Swimming Pool
Sports Court
Restaurant & Cafeteria
Children Play Area
Play Zone
Health Club
Rain Water Harvesting
Water Supply
100% Power Backup

LOCATION BENEFITS & TOP REASONS TO INVEST Royal View Premier
Have a glance at all the advantages of selecting our township.
Perks of Location Royal View Premier
BMC Bhala Medical Centre: 1.2 KM SGHS Hospital Sohana: 1.5 KM Resort: 3 KM Community Park: 2 KM Guru Nanak Sacred Forest: 2.1 KM

FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS of Royal View Premier
Q1 When Does The Possession Start For Omaxe Royal View Premier?
The project has to be completed in three phases. Possession for Phase-I and Phase-II has already begun, while Phase-III is under construction and possession will start by <<_______>>.

Q2 Do You Have Ready To Move In Flats/Villas Available In This Project?
The first two phases are already complete and ready for possession. You may look for ready to move apartments and villas in Phase-I and Phase-II of the project. However, if you can wait for a few months you can also book your flat/villa in Phase-III which will be ready for possession in just <___> months.

Q3 What Is The GST Rate Applicable For The Plots/Apartments/Villas In This Project?
The applicable GST Rate for residential plot is <___>. However, Omaxe is offering 100% GST benefit available to the company to buyers. Thus, applicable GST rate on your purchase amount will be only <__>%. Contact our project office today to benefit from ongoing promotions and discounts.

Q4 What Are Compensation/Penalty For The Delayed Possession?
The compensation for delayed possession will be payable as per RERA Guidelines. As per RERA, builders are expected to pay an interest equal to what they charge from the customer in case of delayed payments.

Since Omaxe charges prevailing bank rate on delayed payments, the same will be payable to the buyers in case of delay in possession.

Q5 Can I Get Loan From Govt. Banks Like SBI, BOB, PNB Etc. For Financing The Purchase?
Bank loans are available under schemes from DHFL and Tata Capital on similar rates as Govt. Banks. However, you may connect with any preferable bank and financial institution for home loan. We are in the process of onboarding SBI for the lending benefits. Other banks who have offered loans on the project include   Bank of Baroda, Allahabad Bank, OBC Bank.



ROYAL VIEW PREMIER
Location: Pakhowal Road, Ludhiana Project Type: 3 BHK + Servant Room Independent Floors RERA Regd. No:
Project Status: Delivered / Sold Out

Home Properties in Ludhiana Royal View Premier
OVERVIEW
A heavenly paradise of luxurious abodes, a place where the true essence of life transpires, welcome to Royal Residency Premiere

ROYAL VIEW PREMIER Ludhiana
Located on Pakhowal Road, Ludhiana, Royal Residency Premiere is a luxurious residential township by Omaxe group that is spread across 36 acres of vast land. Exquisitely crafted with awe-inspiring architectural designs, the township comprises of luxurious 3 BHK+ servant room flats and amazingly spacious (1500 sq. ft.) 3 B/R floors with all the comforts of modern-day living like well-furnished rooms, hi-tech kitchen, luxurious bathroom and much more to pamper to your comfort cravings. It provides superior value through the visionary design aspects created by getting the customer insights.
This fabulous lifestyle is far enough from the industrial belt to give you a peaceful home environment with over 65% of the area covered by abundant greenery. Adding to the perks, the township possesses world-class health club designed by Leander Sports for a healthy physique, a shopping complex, and all the other essential amenities in the vicinity. And when such a tempting package of life is available to you at most suitable prices, what else do you need?
So, if you are planning to buy a house in Ludhiana, Omaxe Royal Residency Premier is the right choice for you.

TOP REASONS TO BUY THE PROPERTY ROYAL VIEW PREMIER
Properties from Omaxe have it all, whether you want a home or return on investment
Tree Lined Jogging Track
Swimming Pool
Sports Court
Restaurant & Cafeteria
Children Play Area
Play Zone
Health Club
Rain Water Harvesting
Water Supply
100% Power Backup

Perks of Location ROYAL VIEW PREMIER
BMC Bhala Medical Centre: 1.2 KM SGHS Hospital Sohana: 1.5 KM Resort: 3 KM Community Park: 2 KM Guru Nanak Sacred Forest: 2.1 KM

Q1 When Does The Possession Start For Omaxe Royal View Premier?
The project has to be completed in three phases. Possession for Phase-I and Phase-II has already begun, while Phase-III is under construction and possession will start by <<_______>>.
Q2 Do You Have Ready To Move In Flats/Villas Available In This Project?
The first two phases are already complete and ready for possession. You may look for ready to move apartments and villas in Phase-I and Phase-II of the project. However, if you can wait for a few months you can also book your flat/villa in Phase-III which will be ready for possession in just <___> months.
Q3 What Is The GST Rate Applicable For The Plots/Apartments/Villas In This Project?
The applicable GST Rate for residential plot is <___>. However, Omaxe is offering 100% GST benefit available to the company to buyers. Thus, applicable GST rate on your purchase amount will be only <__>%. Contact our project office today to benefit from ongoing promotions and discounts.
Q4 What Are Compensation/Penalty For The Delayed Possession?
The compensation for delayed possession will be payable as per RERA Guidelines. As per RERA, builders are expected to pay an interest equal to what they charge from the customer in case of delayed payments.
Since Omaxe charges prevailing bank rate on delayed payments, the same will be payable to the buyers in case of delay in possession.

Q5 Can I Get Loan From Govt. Banks Like SBI, BOB, PNB Etc. For Financing The Purchase?
Bank loans are available under schemes from DHFL and Tata Capital on similar rates as Govt. Banks. However, you may connect with any preferable bank and financial institution for home loan. We are in the process of onboarding SBI for the lending benefits. Other banks who have offered loans on the project include   Bank of Baroda, Allahabad Bank, OBC Bank.


OMAXE ROYAL VIEW EXECUTIVE
Location: Pakhowal Road, Ludhiana Project Type: 3BHK + Servant Room + Store Room Apartment RERA Regd. No:
Project Status: Delivered / Sold Out

Home Properties in Ludhiana Omaxe Royal View Executive
OVERVIEW
If you are in a hunt for 3 BHK flats in Ludhiana, the Omaxe group has an ideal proposal for you. Omaxe has proposed a residential place in the famous city of Ludhiana. The place is located on Pakhowal road, Ludhiana and enjoys the virtue of brilliant architecture as well as design. Extensive greenery and, a royal view from and in the apartments are what make the apartment worth living. While the place lies at a considerable distance from the industrial belt in Ludhiana, you can have access to all the necessary and latest facilities.

These apartments vary in area from 1705 to 1715 to 1740 to 1765 sq ft. The flats offered by the Omaxe group through this residency involve 3 BHK flats accompanied with servant rooms and store rooms. If you are looking for 2 BHK flats in Ludhiana, this alternative should be considered. The total area of the township stretches over 36 acres making all the aspects of the residence spacious and boundless.

The building embraces ready to move in flats in Ludhiana and contains 56 launched apartments. These well-designed living spaces are a source of various essential as well as luxurious amenities like swimming pool, club house, play zone for kids, golf course, cafeteria and gym.

This real estate project by the Omaxe group is located in Dal Village, hence, ensuring a peaceful and serene environment to you. The location is an ideal one as it has the basic facilities for you in its proximity. This mainly involves medical help centres and educational institutes. Some of the more alluring features of this royal residence include the forthcoming 5-star hotel and a well-established mall in its vicinity.

LOCATION BENEFITS & TOP REASONS TO INVEST OMAXE ROYAL VIEW EXECUTIVE
Have a glance at all the advantages of selecting our township.
Perks of Location OMAXE ROYAL VIEW EXECUTIVE
Hospital: 2.74 Km School: 2.69 KM

Q1 When Does The Possession Start For Omaxe Royal View Executive?
The project has to be completed in three phases. Possession for Phase-I and Phase-II has already begun, while Phase-III is under construction and possession will start by <<_______>>.
Q2 Do You Have Ready To Move In Flats/Villas Available In This Project?
The first two phases are already complete and ready for possession. You may look for ready to move apartments and villas in Phase-I and Phase-II of the project. However, if you can wait for a few months you can also book your flat/villa in Phase-III which will be ready for possession in just <___> months.
Q3 What Is The GST Rate Applicable For The Plots/Apartments/Villas In This Project?
The applicable GST Rate for residential plot is <___>. However, Omaxe is offering 100% GST benefit available to the company to buyers. Thus, applicable GST rate on your purchase amount will be only <__>%. Contact our project office today to benefit from ongoing promotions and discounts.
Q4 What Are Compensation/Penalty For The Delayed Possession?
The compensation for delayed possession will be payable as per RERA Guidelines. As per RERA, builders are expected to pay an interest equal to what they charge from the customer in case of delayed payments.

Since Omaxe charges prevailing bank rate on delayed payments, the same will be payable to the buyers in case of delay in possession.
Q5 Can I Get Loan From Govt. Banks Like SBI, BOB, PNB Etc. For Financing The Purchase?
Bank loans are available under schemes from DHFL and Tata Capital on similar rates as Govt. Banks. However, you may connect with any preferable bank and financial institution for home loan. We are in the process of onboarding SBI for the lending benefits. Other banks who have offered loans on the project include   Bank of Baroda, Allahabad Bank, OBC Bank.

ROYAL VIEW HOMES
Location: Pakhowal Road, Ludhiana Project Type: 3BHK + Servant Room Apartments RERA Regd. No:
Project Status: Delivered / Sold Out

Home Properties in Ludhiana Royal View Homes
OVERVIEW
Presenting, majestic 3 BHK residences at Omaxe Royal View Homes, situated in Ludhiana s most buzzing central suburb   Pakhowal Road. It is a residential project launched to meet the requirements of an elegant and comfortable residential project at Ludhiana across property seekers with varied budgets. You can experience the world at your fingertips with unified connectivity to the rest of the city and improve every moment of your life with a host of amenities. Known as one of the best residential projects in Pakhowal Road, it is a place where luxury and conveniences converge. Discover a world that s just extremely perfect and waiting for you. These luxury ready to move flats in Ludhiana with all essential and luxury amenities and services is the ideal home for your family. 

The project offers residential units with area ranging from 1580-1610 sq. ft., and offers 3 BHK flats in Ludhiana for Sale. The neighbourhood for Royal View Homes provides the convenience of Gymnasium, Swimming Pool, Children's play area, Club House, Golf Course, Multipurpose Room, Sports Facility, Intercom, 24 X 7 Security, Rain Water Harvesting Jogging Track, Power Backup, Landscaped Gardens, Indoor Games and 3 tier security System and ensure world-class quality of living.

Royal View Homes by Omaxe provides properties per sq. ft. at one of the most reasonable price yet promising residential project in Pakhowal Road. This luxury development provides breath-taking views and peaceful living to the buyers. The sophistication and exceptional luxury of the Royal View Homes are an ode to the modern family lifestyle.

LOCATION BENEFITS & TOP REASONS TO INVEST Royal View Homes
Have a glance at all the advantages of selecting our township.

Perks of Location Royal View Homes
Central Modl High School: 1.13 Kms Guru Gobind Singh Public School: 1.16 Kms Soni Dental Hospital and Implant Centre: 1.13 Kms HDFC Bank ATM: 2.23 Kms Grand City Plaza Ludhiana: 2.94 Kms


ROSE VILLA Ludhiana
Location: Pakhowal Road Ludhiana Project Type: 3/4 BHK Villa RERA Regd. No: PBRERA-LDH45-PR00156
Project Status: Delivered / Sold Out

Home Properties in Ludhiana Rose Villa
OVERVIEW
Owning a house at newly launched Omaxe Rose Ville is like unwrapping a precious gift. Spread over 36 acres in Ludhiana, this tranquil haven is nestled in the lap of lush greenery. It is one of those places which everyone would love to call home. The project features well-designed and spacious 3 and 4 BHK flats in Ludhiana for sale. The project has apartments available in the sizes ranging from 3614 Sq. Ft. to 3743 Sq. Ft.

Omaxe Rose Ville hosts numerous amenities which are a pure luxury and offer stunning ambience. Omaxe Rose Ville also offers the most elegant independent houses for sale in Ludhiana.  At present, this delightfully irresistible residential enclave will consist of 58 meticulously designed 3 and 4 BHK flats in Ludhiana.

If you have been searching for a house in Ludhiana, Rose Ville should make it to the top of your list. Rose Ville might still have a few houses on sale.

Omaxe Rose Ville is brilliantly outlined with abundant outdoor sports, entertainment, and recreational amenities, encouraging an active lifestyle. The project is surrounded with a green environment full of natural beauty and features 24x7 power and water supply, full time security, school, medical facilities are some of the added facilities that will make your life here comfortable.

Rose Ville is a mini-integrated township with independent houses, and flats. The township features world class facilities like swimming pool, gym, golf course, etc. The project s state-of-the-art infrastructure with 3 tier security and seamless connectivity with the rest of Ludhiana make this property the ultimate home destination.

LOCATION BENEFITS & TOP REASONS TO INVEST Rose Ville 
Have a glance at all the advantages of selecting our township.

Perks of Location Rose Ville 
Hospital: 2.7 KM School: 2.6 KM Shopping Mall: 1.9 KM Pharmacy: 1.8 KM Petrol pumps: 1 KM Nearest ATM: 1.6 KM

THE ROYAL MERIDIAN
Location: Pakhowal Road Ludhiana Project Type: 3BHK + SR + Powder Room, 4BHK + SR + Powder Room Apartments & Penthouses RERA Regd. No: PBRERA-LDH45 - PR0029 PBRERA-LDH45 - PR0031 PBRERA-LDH45 - PR0025 PBRERA-LDH45 - PR0030
 1.54 CRORE -  3.8 CRORE
Project Status: Construction On Full Swing

Home Properties in Ludhiana The Royal Meridian
OVERVIEW
Spread across a whopping 65 acres of land, The Royal Meridian at Pakhowal Road is one of the most spacious societies in Ludhiana and offers a luxurious residential option away from the hustle and bustle of the city in a calm and peaceful setting. 
Surrounded by a well-maintained lush green garden, The Royal Meridian would fulfill your desire of living close to nature away from the dust and pollution of the city. Open your door to the purer and cooler air that would replenish your tired body and soul.      
The Royal Meridian also enjoys a strategic location and is surrounded by well-developed social amenities like education and healthcare centers, malls, multiplexes, marketplace, etc. which would bring the world close to your doorstep. 
The area also offers easy access to leading employment hubs like Focal Points which includes a number of industries like Kangaro Industries Ltd, Vira Industries, Surindra Auto Industries, Harpreet Industries, etc. which employ thousands of people. Equipped with a range of well-thought-of features, The Royal Meridian is your opportunity to enjoy a premium living experience with all the privileges of life. 
The accommodation at The Royal Meridian would be available in 3/4 BHK spacious apartments and penthouses with the area ranging from 2250 sq. ft. to 6000 sq. ft. Every room at the flats here has a separate balcony and window that ensure that your home is never short of fresh and natural light that keeps them airy and well-lit at all times.  

The amenities offered here are selected with great care and ensure that those living here do not feel the slightest inconvenience and enjoy a relaxed and hassle-free living. Some of the prominent amenities offered here include a pedestrian jogging/walking track, well-maintained parks, a club, round-the-clock security, Parking, a grand entrance lobby, and much more.

If you are looking for a luxurious apartment then you simply cannot look beyond The Royal Meridian at Pakhowal Road in Ludhiana. World-class amenities, spacious and airy flats, top-quality construction materials, and lush green settings are some of the USPs that add exclusivity to the project and give it an edge over others. 

LOCATION BENEFITS & TOP REASONS TO INVEST in THE ROYAL MERIDIAN Ludhiana 
Location Benefits of THE ROYAL MERIDIAN Ludhiana 
Guru Gobind Singh Public School: 1 KM Central Model high school: 1.2 KM Restaurants: 2 KM Soni Dental hospital: 1.1 KM Multispeciality hospital: 2.6 KM City grand plaza: 2.8 KM

CELESTIA GRAND Ludhiana 
Location: RR, Pakhowal Road, Ludhiana Project Type: 3BHK + Servant Room Apartment RERA Regd. No: PBRERA-LDH45-PR0028
Project Status: Delivered / Sold Out

Home Properties in Ludhiana Celestia Grand
OVERVIEW
Omaxe Celestia Grand on Pakhowal Road, Ludhiana is best defined by one word  perfect lifestyle.  The project consists of 3 BHK flats with all modern amenities. The residential flat is a cocoon of nature surrounded by some of the essential facilities and road connectivity. Move in here and redefine living.

The Celestia Grand residence, with the surrounding greenery, adds to your happiness and your existence turns more peaceful and beautiful. Facilities offered here not only fulfil all your basic needs but also lets you sit back, relax, and unwind. In the lap of nature, you will feel blessed as you will enjoy your life to the fullest.

The value-added services on offer, include a fully equipped gym, sports facilities, jogging track, outdoor multipurpose court, swimming pool, lawn, children's play area, and multipurpose hall. This perfectly designed and neatly organised residence is just the lifestyle experience you have been waiting for. This well connected, well positioned, and ideal residential project will be best suited for those looking to live with all essential amenities and conveniences of life.

The Omaxe flats in Ludhiana at Pakhowal road enjoy several amenities such as reputed hospitals, numerous prestigious schools, and shopping destinations nearby. The railway station and the international airport are in the vicinity of the project. Despite being located close to major roads and highways, the well-structured community will let the residents appreciate the tranquillity of verdant green surroundings.

LOCATION BENEFITS & TOP REASONS TO INVEST in CELESTIA GRAND
Perks of Location in CELESTIA GRAND
BCM School: 3 Km Bhalla Hospital: 0.9 Km ATM: 3.5 KM Grocery Stores: 4.3 km Pharmacy: 3 km Restaurant: 4.2 km Parks: 2.5 Km

TWIN TOWER
Location: Pakhowal Road, Ludhiana Project Type: 1/2/3 BHK Apartments RERA Regd. No: PBRERA-LDH45-PR0026
Project Status: Sold Out

Home Properties in Ludhiana Twin Tower
OVERVIEW
Omaxe Twin Towers offer a modern living space in the lap of nature with a large campusand dense green development.With a promise to provide modern living standardsthe Twin Towers offer 1, 2, and 3 BHK flats in Ludhiana.

This ultimate reflection of urban chic lifestyle is nestled in the prime neighbourhood area of Ludhiana. The brilliantly outlined residential property in Ludhiana will provide 1, 2, and 3 BHK apartments withbuild-up areas ranging from 885 Sq. Ft. to 1550 Sq. Ft. The Twin Towers, being developed by Omaxe,offer amenities and features for a lavish standard of living in the heart of Ludhiana.

Another feature of this project isseamless connectivity to nearly all major points in and around Ludhiana. Apart from the wide-open spaces,Omaxe Twin Towers will also feature several sports and fitness amenities. The Towers offer manyfacilities to support the lifestyle  of the residents. These facilities are a part of Omaxe Twin Tower's master plan to create a self-sustainable life within the enclave.
 
Omaxe Twin Tower is not just a regular residential complex. It is an epitome of luxurywith a charming and modern place to call home. The lightswithin the complex mixe up with loveliness of the evening and the towers blend with the sky, creating a beautiful view from the outside.

Omaxe flats in Ludhiana are aptly pricedwithin the segment and offer superior design and safety standards. If you are planning to buy a 1, 2 or 3 BHK flats in Ludhiana, Omaxe Twin Towers could be just the address you have been looking for.


LOCATION BENEFITS & TOP REASONS TO INVEST in TWIN TOWER
Location Benefits of TWIN TOWER
Bhalla hospital: 3 KM BCM senior secondary school: 2.8 KM Shopping mall: 3 KM Pharmacy: 2 KM Petrol pumps: 1.5 KM



Palwal

The demand for housing acreage in Palwal has increased exceedingly in the past decade. The area is experiencing increased curiosity in organised group housing projects with flats, independent floors and villas. Along with residential modern commercial units, showrooms, and business complexes are also present in this city so that people can find their dream property here at a reasonable price. 

The new projects in this city are taking the modern lifestyle in the city to another level. Some of the major areas that attract most property seekers in Palwal are Tatarpur Industrial Area, Sohna Palwal Road, Omaxe City 1, Sector 2 and Sector 7. Projects with modern infrastructure are inclining people towards Palwal. 

A total of 4 projects have been introduced by Omaxe in Palwal. The greater emphasis of Omaxe group is on residential projects for the time being because of the growing demand. All the modern amenities have been provided in all the townships, including spa and salon services, power backup, security provision, etc. The infrastructure of the projects is ultra stylish and sustainable at the same time.
                                          
OMAXE CITY HAPPY HOMES PALWAL
Location: Omaxe City Delhi Agra Highway Palwal Project Type: 2/3/4 BHK Aparments

Omaxe Happy Homes feels intense pride to introduce yet another residential project in Palwal,Omaxe Happy Homes. It lies in the heart of Omaxe City Palwal on the Delhi Agra Highway and has nearness to almost all NCR cities including Faridabad and Gurgaon. Omaxe Happy Homes Palwal offers independent floors of different sizes. The size of the independent floors ranges from 184 square yards to 400 square yards.

Happy Homes project includes 2 BHK, 2BHK+Study, 3 BHK and 4 BHK independent floors. Independent independent floors in G+2 floors have been designed for the modern homeowner’s taste. The richly designed features are affordable yet luxurious in all aspects. They give a lifestyle away from the stereotyped apartments in other parts of the city. The architecturally modern independent floors have a contemporary design and some modern facilities to save the environment.

Omaxe City cover an area of around 110 acres, and it can be rightly called as a city within a city owing to all the state of the art facilities like dispensary, nursing homes, park, schools, crèche and SCO & booths. 

Protecting the environment should be the duty of each and every individual and to fulfill this aspiration, Omaxe has incorporated rainwater harvesting system, waste disposal system and a sewage treatment system within the integrated township. This residential project in Palwal is completely eco friendly in all aspects.

The project offers perfect living conditions with ventilation and privacy. Fresh and green surroundings bring joys of living throughout the year. A reputed maintenance agency is round the clock present for the maintenance of the township. Basic essential services like post office, essential daily need shops and taxi stand have their own provision inside the premises. The green cover has been drastically increased by planting more trees in and around the township. The power has been distributed in an efficient way to make sure the resources are optimally. Integrated landscaping has been done which also includes the theme parks within the society. 
                                                    


OMAXE CITY OMAXE HEIGHTS PALWAL
Location: Omaxe City Delhi Agra Highway Palwal Project Type: 2/3 BHK Apartments

Making way for a clean, pollution free environment, Omaxe City, a contemporary integrated township located on the Delhi Agra highway in Palwal, Haryana is an upcoming city in the vicinity to Delhi. Nestling in the same is the dream project by the Omaxe Group, Omaxe Heights offering 2, 3 bedrooms spacious apartments with huge sit out balconies. Built on an earthquake resistant structure with high quality and stylish tiles, residents have begun to experience modern day features under one roof. Power backup, dedicated parking area and the trust of Omaxe make the project a considerable place to indulge in.

For people travelling to Delhi and adjoining areas, Omaxe Heights is the perfect landing place. Consisting of plots, apartments and villas that are on offer in the 110 acres (approx.) the city is preparing for provisions for Shopping mall, Schools, Dispensary, Theme Park, Crèche, State Of The Art Club with facilities like Swimming Pool, Sauna, Steam, Jacuzzi etc. Local Shopping Centre, Grocery Store and a pool of other luxuries reflect style and taste.

Personified with elegance, the project speaks of the acute precision and foresight it has been crafted with while taking due care of the environment. Incorporation of Rainwater Harvesting System is one such step to revolutionize the real estate culture in the city. Along with replenishing groundwater, environment friendly waste disposal techniques, sewage treatment and incinerators make this project an aspiring step towards an eco friendly environment.

                                                      


OMAXE CITY VILLAS
Location: Delhi Agra Highway, Palwal Project Type: 2 BHK Villa

The villas have been designed keeping in mind the modern architecture. Open air space for a healthy environment has been given in each of the villas. The green spaces around the villas will take away all your worries by giving you a peaceful life away from your hectic lifestyle.

The City Villas are expandable that will bring together the joint families. The integrated township is viable for those travelling to Delhi on a daily basis. Omaxe City has the provision for school, dispensary,nursing Home, park, SCO cum Booths and many other recreational facilities. The size of the villas is near around 200 sq yards.

Omaxe City Palwal has been elegantly personified to suit the interests of the clients. Water harvesting system and waste disposal along with sewage treatment has been properly incorporated within the township. Swimming Pool for kids have been adequately placed at villas in Palwal to give recreational time to them. Home seekers can go through the official website for photo galleries and the latest offers being offered by the company.

All the features at Omaxe assure many choices to revitalize and relax at own home. The security devices have been installed in the premises to offer round the clock safety to the residents. Every house has proper ventilation with huge windows for sunlight. The superior work and the pre defined specifications make it the best choice for you to buy. The villas have so much to offer because of the prime location of the project.

All the civic utilities and the amenities are nearby which give a warm appeal to the Omaxe City Township. Round the clock security is provided since the township is a gated one with multiple security guards at each gate. All the villas are available to the buyer at a very reasonable price with early possession options. This is a place where your search for an ideal home comes to an end.

                                                          

OMAXE CITY PLOTS
Location: Omaxe City palwal, Ramnagar, Palwalrural, Haryana, India Project Type: Developed Plots


A world class integrated township meant to revamp your lifestyle and delight every moment with joy, welcome to Omaxe City Plots, Palwal. With its unparalleled majestic charm in the region, the township carries a major attraction for those seeking to buy a property in Palwal. It comprises of plots ranging from 199 to 921 sq yards, ideal for the self construction of homes. It also consists of luxurious villas and spacious apartments all crafted with the impeccable standards of architectural designs.

To provide you with a lifestyle filled with utmost comfort the township encapsulates state of the art amenities like swimming pool, steam, sauna and Jacuzzi, round the clock water supply, power backup in case of electricity cuts, hi tech gymnasium, indoor games and much more. Equipped with a unique system of rainwater harvesting, the conservation of water as a scarce resource is also ensured. These plots also have eco friendly waste disposal with an in house sewage treatment plant to ensure the maximum cleanliness in the premise. There is also a nursing home in proximity to the township in case of medical emergencies. All of these at a pocket friendly price.

So, if you are planning to buy a property in Palwal, Omaxe City is the right choice for you.

                                                                

Rohtak
About Rohtak Township

Omaxe in Rohtak has come up with four residential projects comprising Villas, Apartments, commercial shops and Plots. Residential plots vary in size between 60 sq yards and 177 sq yards. These plots have been developed under the Pradhan Mantri Awaas Yojana, so they are affordable, and you can easily realise your dream of owning a house.  

The builder floors, on the other hand, are available in sizes of 1400 and 2000 sq yards. Be it 3 bedrooms or be it G+2 floors, both are highly attractive and have ample space. The villas are available in two sizes, 250 and 325 sq yards. The exquisite interiors of these villas will let you soak yourself in the luxury. Greenery surrounding the villas makes it a beautiful residential space to live in. 

The township enjoys great connectivity to schools, restaurants, and hospitals to give you a secure and comfortable life. 
                                                                     

ROHTAK PLOTS
Location: Omaxe city  1 , Sector 26 & 28 , NH 10 , Rohtak Project Type: Developed Plots

With plots in the sizes of 60 1000 sq.yd., the Omaxe Group is all set to enable you to build homes according to your needs and requirement in Rohtak while relishing the pleasure of the facilities in the township.

Omaxe City Rohtak, an integrated township comprises plots and villas in the sprawling expanse of 111.62 acres. A city within a city, this integrated contemporary township is tastefully designed and strategically located on NH 10 adjacent to MD University and Tilyar Lake. Nestled in a location that is abuzz with business activity, the project will subtly let you float in a heavenly lifestyle. Adding to the beauty and pride of the city is the cherry on the top with schools, dispensary, theme park, crèche and state of the art club available in the vicinity. Facilities like swimming pool, sauna, steam, Jacuzzi etc., local shopping centre, grocery store and a pool of luxuries reflect the style and taste of the area.

Plots in this self contained township are unopposedly a strategic buy where dreams can thrive!.

                                                       

OMAXE ROHTAK VILLAS
Location: Omaxe city  1 , Sector 26 & 28 , NH 10 , Rohtak Project Type: 3BHK Apartments

Omaxe City villas in Rohtak are beautifully designed villas inOmaxeCity 1, Sector 26 & 28, NH 10,Rohtak. You can choose one villa which is of 250 square feet or one with 325 square feet area. The villas are all set to attract you with all modern amenities and superior design quality. There are several attractive features such asopen balcony, exquisite vitrified tiles, spacious kitchen and lots of greenery.OmaxeCity villas are a premium housing project comprising individual villas for sale in Rohtak in the prime location of Rohtak.

These villas will bring you excellent comfort and with a lifestyle that embraces the latest trends while offering a quality experience. Our projects are spread across the commercial technological hub of the city, yet are independent oases of peace, calm, and tranquillity. Built with the top rated products and boasting world class amenities, our villas are a blend of the best functionality and elegant design. Additionally, our executives offer hassle free processes that make sure you make the ideal choice and make you feel like a dream home.

This project is located in close proximity to Delhi public school and other institutions. These villas are not only conveniently situated in the bustling commercial centre of the locality, but also offers a hub of all amenities, which make it a most desirable place to live in.

                                                       

OMAXE GREEN VALLEY
Location: Sector 22D, Jhajjar Road, Rohtak 124001, Haryana Project Type: Plots/Commercial shops

Omaxe Green Valley plots are available in Sector 22D, Jhajjar Road, Rohtak 124001, and it is just 60 km from the national capital. It is one of the best plots with space dedicated to fitness, greenery, serenity, and security. Omaxe offers meticulously planned Omaxe Rohtak plots, located in sector 22D, close to several amenities, and commutation options. Plots are spread across 43 acres offering serene and pollution free ambiance.

Plots at Omaxe Green Valley offer a stunning development opportunity amidst well equipped and lush greenery with all the basic and luxurious amenities such as wider roads, dedicated jogging track, open gymnasium, cycling track. Additionally, the plot houses top class sporting infrastructure including tennis court, badminton court, volley court, skating rink, cricket pitch, along with dedicated children zone. The plot is exclusively developed to match the lifestyle of all age groups and make them feel active.

To all the nature lovers and fitness enthusiasts, upcoming projects in Rohtak is the new destination, where world class facilities beckon you to enjoy your life and have fun while you get fitter by the day. Omaxe Rohtak plots offer one of the best prices in the locality, so affordability is one of the greatest advantages. The project is conceived and being developed under the Pradhan Mantri Awaas Yojana.

Conveniently located at sector 22D, this plotted development sites for sale in Rohtak will take you to a world of culture, art, and aesthetics. Omaxe Green Valley plots for sale promises you a privileged community with a lavish lifestyle. And you have a choice of plots from 60 sq. yds. to 180 sq. yds. and many more options to fit your housing requirements.

                                                               

OMAXE HAPPY HOMES
Location: Omaxe city  1 , Sector 26 & 28 , NH 10 , Rohtak Project Type: 3BHK Apartments

Omaxe Happy Homes, located in Sector 26 & 28, NH 10, Rohtak, offers you lush greenery, large open spaces and wide range of amenities for a modern lifestyle. Flats in Rohtak cater to all essential amenities yet keeps you away from busy city life. Investing in a 3 BHK flat in Rohtakmeans you are close to all the conveniences in the city. Living in the heart of a growing locality yet lead a peaceful and comfortable lifestyle which is a true luxury retreat. 

These wonderful and tranquil independent floors in G+2 structure in Omaxe City will attract you at first look. You have different beautiful sizes to choose from 1400 to 2000 Sq.yd. There are several reputed international schools, colleges and hospitals near the project.You will always be close to the happening places of the city.

Omaxe apartments in Rohtak is conveniently situated and houses schools, dispensary, theme park, crèche, a state of the art club with facilities like swimming pool, sauna, steam, Jacuzzi etc., local shopping centre, grocery store and more luxuries reflecting style and taste.

Flats for sale in Rohtak provides well ventilated, spacious, and brightly litindependent houses. Well equipped with all the essential amenities, these individual flats for sale in Rohtakis an excellent choice for the peace seeking people and family members who wants to spend a relaxed and laid back evening with family in a home surrounded with greenery & serene atmosphere.

A city within a city, this integrated contemporary township consists of schools, dispensary, theme park, crèche, a state of the art club with facilities like swimming pool, sauna, steam, Jacuzzi, local shopping centre, grocery store and more luxuries reflecting style and taste.
                                                             

Jaipur

Omaxe Jaipur Township comprises 4 residential and 3 commercial projects. Residential properties provide the best in class facilities to their residents. The commercial properties have shops covering an area of 60 sq. yards to 300 sq. yards and are designed to offer the greatest flexibility to business owners. 

The properties are built with sustainability, excellence and innovation in mind. Each property at Omaxe in the city is designed with a legacy of trust and commitment to excellence and uses cutting edge construction technology. 

The properties are in prime locations and have all the modern facilities like state of the art security, 24hr power back, parking and lift facilities, etc. The customers can live in heavenly comfort with all the panache and style with great connectivity to the town.

Omaxe Jaipur Township is a contemporary engineering marvel and a glorious feather in the cap of Brand Omaxe, which has spread its wings in 8 states and 28 cities. 

                                                                      

OMAXE EXECUTIVE HOMEZ
Location: Omaxe City,Jaipur Ajmer Express Highway, Jaipur Project Type: 2/3 BHK Apartments

Added a new feather, Omaxe Executive Homez is one of the most luxurious residential apartments in Jaipur. Exquisitely well planned designed for those who march to a different drumbeat and believe that happiness is never having to compromise. Set in the fast developing heart of Jaipur, Executive Homez is located strategically on the Jaipur Ajmer Express Highway. The locality is a hub of development activities with access to all the major destinations around Jaipur and nearby cities.

Close to many required locations like schools, colleges, hospitals, and shopping malls which make your daily life more comfortable and hassle free. The project is located within immediate reach of major transport hubs. Finely planned and brilliantly laid out homes in a range of sizes and configurations from 2 bedrooms all the way up to 3 bedrooms flats in Jaipur with 1575 sq. feet and 1600 sq. feet respectively, so that you can choose the home that suits you best.

Omaxe Executive Homez is fully equipped with all international standards and world class designs. Its sprawling clubhouse and recreational amenities include a Library, Mini Theatre, Health Club, Tennis Court, Swimming Pool, Outdoor Party Area, Banquet Hall, Gym, Badminton Courts, Squash Courts, Kids’ play area and provision for a Convenience Store. Read on and discover how you can make new symphonies of happiness in the home.

Closer than ever, Omaxe Executive Homez is luxurious flats in Jaipur at very affordable price. Our site is very comfortable and close to workplaces, schools for our children, good hospitals, entertainment spots, favourite restaurants, shopping centres, etc. All, preferably, at Stone Throw distance.

                                                                             

OMAXE CITY SHUBHANGAN
Location: Omaxe City, Jaipur Ajmer Express Highway, Jaipur Project Type: 1BHK & 2BHK Apartments

Omaxe City Shubhangan is a world class integrated township in Jaipur. Built on 500 acres of land, this multifaceted project comprises of both individual plots and luxurious villas. Ranging from 60 square yards to 300 square yards, the plots are ideal for the construction of customized homes, suiting the individual needs and taste of the residents. The villas are exquisitely crafted with the impeccable standards of architecture. Each of them is well furnished and matches the European standards of interior design.

Enthralling the serene greenery are tranquil water body, food court, an exclusive clubhouse with recreation and health club facilities like gymnasium, swimming pool, sauna, steam, jacuzzi and indoor games like squash, billiards, etc., all meant to elevate your standard of living.

The township is strategically located near the Jaipur  Ajmer Express Highway, a hub of buzzing development activities, providing access to all the major institutions and destinations like station, airport, hospital and school to name a few.

While residing in this premium township, you will experience a spacious living.  A living that surpasses all the aspects of comfort.

So, if you are planning to buy a property in Jaipur, Omaxe City Shubhangan is the right choice for you.

                                                                      

OMAXE CITY   PLOTS & VILLAS
Location: Jaipur Ajmer Express Highway, Jaipur, Rajasthan Project Type: 2/3 BHK Apartments

Are you looking for an affordable plot in Jaipur? Omaxe presents the Omaxe City Plots of modern residential Plots in Jaipur. This project is being developed to spearhead a revolution in real estate. This project gives customers the chance to own a villa whose architecture is more art than science with modern architecture and world class designs.

Omaxe City Jaipur is a smartly designed residential township, built on 500 sprawling acres with a host of amenities, close to everything you need. Being close to many important roads makes the project, more reachable from the business aspect. All basic amenities are attached to the project also provides express connectivity to all parts of Jaipur. Omaxe City is in two sizes of 172 square yard and 263 square yards. Travelling is made more comfortable for all the destinations as everything is at a stone throw distance. Get to know more about Omaxe City Jaipur which provides the world's best facilities and amenities to their clients.

Plots /Villa in Omaxe City Jaipur offers thoughtfully laid which provide ample sunlight and ventilation to all its residents. To keep you and your family fit and active are amenities such as gymnasium, swimming pool and other sports facilities such as Squash Court, Badminton Court, Multipurpose Court, etc. The Club also houses a mini theatre, billiards room, indoor games, party hall and more to keep you and your dear ones entertained. We welcome you to your own piece of paradise, at Omaxe City Jaipur.

                                                                                    

OMAXE CITY   THE PRIME
Location: Omaxe City, Jaipur Ajmer Express Highway, Jaipur, Rajasthan Project Type: Developed Plots


The Prime in Omaxe City give buyers an option to build homes according to their design, taste and affordability. In the advantageously located integrated township Omaxe City, Jaipur spread over 500 acres with green landscape and on the strategic Jaipur Ajmer Express highway, plots in the sizes of 222 sq. Yd. and 250 sq. Yd. are on offer; also enabling residents to enjoy the facilities of the township.

Omaxe City Jaipur insinuates grace, modernity and greenery. It is a hub of buzzing development activities and accessible to all the major institutions and destinations like station, airport, hospital and school to name a few.

Proposed to be built on 500 acres, Omaxe City offers executive homes, plots, Subhangam besides a large shopping complex. Omaxe City is replete with every facility that makes for a luxurious living. Enthralling the serene greenery is a state of the art multiplex cinema, water body, food courts and family entertainment options, exclusive clubhouse with recreation and health club facilities like gymnasium, swimming pool, sauna, steam, jacuzzi and indoor games like squash, billiards, etc. that will redefine the art of high standard living alongside pleasure.

                                                                        

Indrapuram

Situated in a prime location, the sprawling 65,000 sq. ft. Park Plaza is a one stop family entertainment centre throbbing with life. The smartly planned project has been crafted to be the ultimate pulsating centre. Precisely meeting every need for an ideal workspace for the aspiring business leaders of tomorrow, Omaxe Park Plaza lets you own stunning commercial spaces for a long term investment plan.

The impeccably landscaped Park Plaza offers something for everyone. With a spacious parking area and lush gardens around it, this complete commercial space is decked with all essential amenities for a fun outing. Major national and international brands, the biggest names in retail chains, restaurants, cafes, department stores, and hospitality adorn Omaxe Park Plaza, which understands the needs of today.

                                                                       

OMAXE HABITAT FLOORS
Location: Omaxe Habitat, Anand Vihar, Kaushambi, Ghaziabad, Uttar Pradesh, India Project Type: Low Rise Apartments

After providing residents of Gurgaon a quality and style at an affordable price, Omaxe is all set to recreate similar magic with the project Habitat Floors, Kaushambi. The project is designed to reflect the quality and style of metros at affordable prices and is located in the vicinity of Delhi. 

Built on a world class structure with high quality and stylish floors, residents have begun to experience modern day features under one roof. Moreover, the trust of Omaxe makes the project a considerable place to indulge in.

All round development like markets, medical, education, transport have been complete and families are living blissfully. With an earthquake resistant structure, the project is fitted with all the basic amenities and is personified with elegance. The project further speaks of the acute precision and foresight along with the incorporation of luxury caked with modernity.

                                                                  

Bhiwadi

Omaxe Group Bhiwadi has developed a township comprising only residential projects. A total of 8 residential projects have come up so far, which include a wide variety of options for the residents, including plots, villas and apartments.

 

The size of the residential properties varies between 410 sq ft and 1600 sq ft. The township has been properly planned, with attention to the tiniest details. Most of the projects have been sold out. The proposed 4 lane Alwar bypass road will add to the charm of each project in the near future. Omaxe properties have all the luxurious amenities and are ideally located very near to all the facilities like schools, hospitals, etc.

 

One can invest in their dream home at Omaxe Bhiwadi. Bhiwadi is surrounded by many developed areas, and each one of the projects has its own unique points.  

                                                            

PANORAMA CITY MID TOWN
Location: Omaxe Panorama City , Alwar Road, Bhiwadi Project Type: 1BHK, Apartments & Studio Apartment

Want to be the part of a grand society with all society benefits and amenities? Omaxe brings to you Panorama City Mid Town in Bhiwadi to fulfil all your dreams and desires. This residential apartment by Omaxe is a stunning option of a 1 BHK flat in Bhiwadi ready to move. A major benefit of opting for a ready to move flat is that you can stop paying the rent of your existing rented home the day you buy a flat. Since it is ready possession, no time will be wasted, and you will be handed over the keys of your home in no time.

As per the structural plan of the Omaxe Panorama City Mid Town, there will be retail shops on the ground floor, a club on the first floor, and all the other floors will have the Studio Apartments. Omaxe Mid Town provides a superb opportunity to the businesspeople also who want to run a retail store because the builder has offered the shops for sale too. 

The project offers 1 BHK flats and studio apartment in Bhiwadi. So, it is a fantastic opportunity for the people who want to own both an apartment and a shop which is very near to each other. The potential shop buyers can be confident of the huge sales and revenue from the shop as there will be many residential buildings around giving them a business advantage while the residents of these flats in Bhiwadi can enjoy doorstep delivery of the grocery. The sq. ft. the area offered is 550 sq. ft. and 740 sq. ft.

                                                               

OMAXE MARIGOLD
Location: Omaxe Marigold, Bhiwadi  Alwar Road Project Type: 1BHK & 2BHK Apartments

Omaxe Marigold is a 1 BHK flat in Bhiwadi. The buildup area of the flats in Omaxe Marigold is 410 sq. ft. and 770 sq. ft. The one line definition of Omaze Marigold would be, “A home that can fulfil all your dreams and aspirations”.

The flats at Omaxe Marigold has everything you can ever dream of. This spacious 1 BHK flat in Bhiwadi are ready to move. The possession has already started in these ready to move flats in Bhiwadi. If you are looking for flats for sale in Bhiwadi, then there is no reason not to choose Omaxe Marigold because undoubtedly this is an ideal place for your housing.

A part of the Omaxe Green panorama City township, which is in Bhiwadi Alwar Bypass and in the proximity of the Delhi Mumbai Corridor or DMIC, the township has become one of the best in the region that offers luxury flats in Bhiwadi. The buyers have no dearth of options because the township contains lands, city homes G+4, lux villas, and much more to select one for themselves as per their needs and budget. Another project, Omaxe Panorama Mid Town, is already going successful with the options of several retail shops, studio apartments, restaurants, and club.

To answer your query, “what to expect more at Omaxe Marigold” are the facilities of well equipped office space, art gallery, photo studio, boutiques, gym, salon, clinic, and restaurant. Just imagine the kind of lifestyle you are going to have at Omaxe Marigold! Excited, aren’t you?

Omaxe Marigold is a 1 BHK flat in Bhiwadi. The buildup area of the flats in Omaxe Marigold is 410 sq. ft. and 770 sq. ft. The one line definition of Omaze Marigold would be, “A home that can fulfil all your dreams and aspirations”.

The flats at Omaxe Marigold has everything you can ever dream of. This spacious 1 BHK flat in Bhiwadi are ready to move. The possession has already started in these ready to move flats in Bhiwadi. If you are looking for flats for sale in Bhiwadi, then there is no reason not to choose Omaxe Marigold because undoubtedly this is an ideal place for your housing.

A part of the Omaxe Green panorama City township, which is in Bhiwadi Alwar Bypass and in the proximity of the Delhi Mumbai Corridor or DMIC, the township has become one of the best in the region that offers luxury flats in Bhiwadi. The buyers have no dearth of options because the township contains lands, city homes G+4, lux villas, and much more to select one for themselves as per their needs and budget. Another project, Omaxe Panorama Mid Town, is already going successful with the options of several retail shops, studio apartments, restaurants, and club.

                                                                  
OMAXE SUNRISE
Location: Omaxe Green Meadow City Bhiwadi, Main Alwar By Pass Road, Bhiwadi Project Type: Plots

Omaxe Bhiwadi takes enormous delight in introducing its new residential venture, Omaxe Sunrise. Omaxe Sunrise is a gated township spread over an area of 60 acres. The developed gated community is a part of Omaxe Green Meadow City, Bhiwadi. The project is situated on Main Alwar Bypass Road, Bhiwadi. All the plots are approved and are available in different sizes. The residential plots measure in area between 60 square yards to 125 square yards and are available at a pocket friendly price.

Omaxe has set up itself as a prime brand in the real estate sector. The leading location of the project makes it the best suitable for all the middle class families. 

The dreams are transformed into reality by buying residential plots in Bhiwadi.

One can build his/her dream home at a very low cost since it is an upcoming real estate project in Bhiwadi. The systematically managed system offers a number of benefits to the residents. The upcoming residential projects in Bhiwadi have partially constructed boundary walls that add to the security of the residents.

The plots in Bhiwadi are just adjacent to the Delhi Jaipur Highway and promise to offer a lot in a handsome amount of money. Buyers who are seeking to buy properties can safely invest their money in this project because of the Omaxe brand name and also its crucial location.

 

Local conveyance is easily available and there are some colleges in the vicinity of the township.The area is clean with ample fresh air to breathe. The roads are in good shape which obviously reduces any kind of traffic congestion. Parking space has been widely distributed minimizing any kind of parking problems. The locality has good connectivity to market, shopping mall, hospital, school and restaurants.  The project is designed in a way to meet the desires of the buyer leading them to construct their dream house. Buying residential property here will evoke a sense of happiness in you.

                                                                          

OMAXE PANORAMA CITY PLOTS
Location: Alwar Road, Bhiwadi, Rajasthan Project Type: Developed Plots

Omaxe Group has recently announced its new launch residential plots in Bhiwadi. The name of the project is Omaxe Panorama City Plots and it offers a wide range of residential plots for sale in Bhiwadi. The plots are available at an affordable price so that any strata of society can buy the plots with ease. The project is situated on Alwar Road in Rajasthan.

The plot sizes are of 100 sq yards and 225 sq yards. The developed plots in Omaxe Panorama City Plots can be built as per your requirement. Many people have already started building their dream homes at the residential plots in Bhiwadi, Rajasthan.

The integrated township has all the new age facilities required to own a home. The wide roads within the township make it the best place to build a dream home. The township has landscape gardens that are children friendly and also appeal to the eyes of the older people. It is Omaxe Group's latest project with state of the art technology.

The best quality raw materials have been used to safeguard the homes of each individual. The necessary facilities and services are just a stone's throw distance from the Omaxe project. The serene and peaceful residential community is a part of the growing industrial region. It definitely is a strategic opportunity for investment.

Since Bhiwadi plots are a new launch, there could still be a chance of securing your space within the developing gated community. The reserved parking space for each unit makes it the best suitable option for many families.

The commercial industries in the vicinity of the project will provide ample job opportunities for the people residing in this township. Since the township is a gated one, it adds to security factor of the people residing inside. The popular residential development has lavish and thoughtful residences to suit people from all walks of life. 

                                                                             

OMAXE EUROPIA
Location: Main Bhiwadi Alwar Highway, Rajasthan Project Type: 2BHK & Studio Apartments

Omaxe Europia ready to move flats in Bhiwadi offers upscale lifestyle flats that are affordable and easy on the pocket. The project is located on the 200 feet wide Alwar express lane and in the close proximity of the capital city. Many upcoming townships and industrial projects in the vicinity give the Omaxe Europia the benefit of active commercial interest. This excellent township is spread across 60 acres and is designed to accommodate commercial shop on its ground floor in all the towers. These floors in the project are 1 BHK flat in Bhiwadi, and studio apartments can also be transformed to Photography Studio, well equipped Office Spaces, Art Galleries, Gym, Salon, Boutique, Clinic or Restaurant units. 

Omaxe 2 BHK flat in Bhiwadi are premium flats located in the premium locality. Apart from the locality, the surrounding and the people living in the society are very satisfying. All things necessities required to make a comfortable living is available in the vicinity of 5 kms. This location is turning out to be a hub of industries and is significantly close to highways, Business District, schools, banks, colleges, hospitals clinics, bus terminus, restaurants and gardens. Another significant feature of the 2 BHK flat in Bhiwadi ready to move project is the well connected buses and public transports that provide excellent service in this region.

Some of the attractive features of the project are a clubhouse, outdoor games, recreational activities, maintenance, security and much more. 1 BHK flat in Bhiwadi ready to move project is close to all important landmarks and amenities like play school, shopping mall, clinics, hospitals and temples.

                                                                                         
OMAXE PANORAMA CITY VILLAS
Location: Omaxe Panorama City , Alwar Road, Bhiwadi Project Type: 2BHK, 3BHK Apartments & 3BHK Duplex Apartments

Omaxe Panorama City offers 2 BHK and 3 BHK duplex villas. The project is designed to complement the modern lifestyle with its excellent architecture and amenities. With excellent facilities in the township, the residents can relish their time spent at home. These Omaxe villas inBhiwadi are sought after propertybecause of their proximity to Gurgaon and two national highways. On offer are villas in the area range from 950 square ft to 1530 Sq. ft., with attractive features like connectivity, play area, security, recreation facilities, this residence is an irresistible place for hassle free living.

You can expect to live youthfully at OmaxePanorama City,Bhiwadi.These are efficient, contemporary, and designed for people who love the life of peace and freshness. Embrace the vast expanse of green space around the villas. Let your child grow up in the most natural habitat. With all the essential amenities within your living place, you will experience the fantastic living standard that only a true residence can provide a green environment, kids play area and great connectivity. Indulge yourself in energetic life, landscaped garden, breathtaking parks. Omaxe independent villas in Bhiwadi are truly a new standard and a way to live.

Besides Residential, Bhiwadi will be the well planned locality with multiple avenues of the shopping experience, schools withina few kilometres. Omaxe panorama offers you an excellent atmosphere where life will bloom in flourishing surroundings of green living.

This newly constructed villa in Bhiwadi is strategically located and spread over an area that ranges from 970 sq.ft.The project is well equipped with amenities like security, parking, waste disposal, rainwater harvesting, landscaped garden, kids’ play area, water supply, clubhouse, recreation facilities.

                                                                                           

OMAXE GREEN MEADOW CITY
Location: NH 8, Adjacent to Delhi – Jaipur Highway, Alwar Bhiwandi Road, Bhiwadi, Rajasthan   421308 Project Type: Plots, G+2 Floors, Independent duplex Villas


Located adjacent to Delhi   Jaipur Highway, NH 8, Bhiwadi, Omaxe Green Meadow City comes with varied options like Plots, G+2 Floors and independent duplex villas. The villa in Bhiwadi offers you an option of premium lifestyle that encompasses world class specifications and amenities at perfectly affordable rates. The plots in Bhiwadi are available in the varied sizes of 100, 150, 200 and 300 sq. yd. which give you a choice to construct your dream house as per your desire and along with the facilities in the township.

The project has a blissful environment with a refreshing neighbourhood and natural light. It has multiple amenities to make your lifestyle fulsome. Villa in Bhiwadi is a premium residential project launched by Omaxe. The independent duplex Villas are available for an area ranging from 100 sq. yd.to 200 sq. yd. in 2&3 BHK structure along with many luxurious amenities that the project houses including Car Parking, Security, outdoor games etc.

Premium, exclusive 2 and 3 BHK self contained flats are meticulously designed with a plethora of world class quality and amenities and surrounded by a relaxing environment. Though the project is located miles away from chaos, it feels close to the city due to its excellent road connectivity. Residential plots at Bhiwadi are strategically located in the most envied part of the city.

We believe in offering all the essential features and aspects to your everyday routine. Yet, the facilities are really grand. The comfortable flats, excellent connectivity with high ways, underground cables, medical facilities, schools, and much more – all of these are focused on the concept of easy living, comfortable family, and elegant lifestyle.
                                                                                                  

Baddi

Omaxe properties in Baddi consist of Park Woods  Group Housing and Park Woods  Developed Plots. These projects are the integrated and modern township of Baddi. Omaxe has transformed the outlook of Baddi into a global city by being responsible for these landmark developments. We have designed the most comfortable residences using modern engineering techniques and state of the art architecture. 

The property gives you a choice of ready to move in housing designed in a way that maximises natural light and airflow around the property. It also offers developed plots where you can design your own dream home, which complements your lifestyle while enjoying excellent connectivity and convenience. The township also offers other essential facilities like a gated community, security, clubhouse and much more. 

You can also buy ready plots in Omaxe Park Woods projects. These plots are available in sizes of 100 Sq. metres and 150 Sq. metres, showcasing ultimate customisation and innovation. 

                                                                        


OMAXE PARK WOODS
Location: Park Woods   Group Housing Project Type: 1BHK, 2BHK, 3BHK Apartments

The Omaxe Park Woods is a stunning skyscraper with all its architecture glory sets a new standard of lifestyle experience and received environment clearance certificate. With an eclectic architectural style flat in Baddi are pleasing to the eye, offer yourself a vision of sleek and comfortable. The flats are constructed in the area ranges from779, 1035, 1250 & 1649 sq. ft. In simple terms, 2 BHK flat in Baddi is efficient yet extravagant.

Omaxe has always worked on efficient projects with excellent detailing and intricacies. It not only has the best 1 BHK flat in Baddi, but it is also the best place to live in the city.  Luxurious apartments in Baddi were our focus for creating ParkWoods. It seems like the project have actually uplifted the living standard and lifestyle of many families. Omaxe3 BHK flats in Baddi have many unique features like Hi tech health club, integrated landscaping, play area and other recreational activities.

It is one of the few luxury apartments in Baddi having such excellent amenities with easy road connectivity. It is well connected with the highways for better commuting and has exclusive 1BHK, 2BHK, 3BHK apartments with appropriately heightened block entrance, and each block have a one allotted Parking per unit. Each unit in the residential project is well designed and constructed with top quality materials. The beauty of the Omaxe Park Woods is like fantasy, and we encourage you to opt for one and experience the luxury. 

There are several restaurants in close proximity like Domino's Pizza that provide recreational options to the residents. The famous V.R. Senior Secondary Public School is present in proximity.
                                                             

OMAXE PARK WOODS   PLOTS
Location: Baddi Project Type: Plots

The Omaxe Park Woods Plot in Baddi is located 22 KM from PGI Chandigarh and situated within the 26 acre residential housing project. These plots cater to the increasing population in the fast growing industrial town of Baddi. The plots give you an opportunity to design your dream house as per your needs and requirements. It also comes along with the facilities in the township.

The project area ranges from 100 sq. mt.. 137 sq. mt.. 150 sq. mt. The availability of this project has the splendour, and magnificent entrance leads you into an attractive township filled with sophisticated luxury.  OmaxePark WoodsBaddi is a gated community with all the essential amenities accessible at any time and offers you continuous security service, ensuring complete privacy and well being assurance.

The amenities and services have been thoroughly thoughtover, offering you with a fully functional clubhouse, car parking area, an ultra mode fully equipped gym, beautifully plot and children play area.

OmaxePark Woods is unparalleled, and each plot within is unique property offering its own version of compatibility. The property offers you all the facilities with luxury and security to make you feel at ease. Centred in one prominent locality, you are a walk away from city’s reputed educational institution, hospitals, parks, restaurant and more.

                                                                        

Bathinda


The demand for real estate property in Bathinda has increased tremendously in recent years. People in the city are showing a friendly interest in houses, flats, plots, complexes, showrooms, etc., in this city to find their dream property in the affordable and luxury segment. The growing new projects in this region are another reason customers are investing in real estate.  

Omaxe Township in Bathinda consists of Omaxe City–Villas and Omaxe City– Plots. Omaxe is not about creating houses, but it is a way of creating and developing dream homes. Whether it’s for a prominent residential property or a plotted development, Omaxe city has the most fitting choices to fulfil your dream home. We constantly innovate to improve quality standards and customer experience. 

Whether it is superb construction or premium architectural design, finding suitable properties in the township is possible. The growing township enjoys planned civic amenities and modern infrastructure. It also offers excellent commercial amenities for convenience to complement the living standard. The property is also strategically located with good connectivity to institutions, bus stops, clinics, and retail shops. 


                                                                       

OMAXE CITY   VILLAS
Location: Bathinda  Goniana Road (NH 15), Bathinda Project Type: 2BHK, 3BHK, 4BHK Flats


Omaxe City Villas in Bathinda is a residential development launched with the intention to offer quality and comfort living. This project provides a wide range of amenities including 24/7 security, landscaped garden, children’s play area and much more to enjoy.  Prominent suburbs of the city are close by and with many reputed schools, hospitals, banks and stores situated in the proximity, the project is the best choice for luxury home seekers.

Omaxe presents beautiful flats in Bathinda, which is strategically located. It also offers thoughtfully designed and constructed spacious 2 BHK, 3 BHK and 4 BHK apartments between 100 to 650 sq. yd. areas. The project has all basic facilities required to cater the day to day requirements of its residents. The residence aims to provide a comfy living environment to the residents by encompassing several luxury services adding its basic facilities.

The interiors of the villas are designed with vitrified tile flooring to ensure the availability of ample living space and enough natural lighting. Bathinda is a developed locality of the capital city with a reputed educational institution, hospitals, banks, parks, offices, stores and recreational centres. The project is well connected to major parts of the city.

2 BHK flat in Bathinda is equipped with all the essential amenities one desire in modernday living. Located in the proximity of the connecting roadways, it will enable the residents to go for an easy commute. Since it is strategically located all the required items for daily use are available close to the campus.

The key amenities of the residence include an extensive network of transports in the close vicinity makes the property accessible. Owing to the location amenities such as schools, hospitals, ATMs, and markets are available at a close distance from Omaxe Bathinda flats for sale.

                                                                

Rudrapur

Rudrapur Township comprises three townships which have been timely delivered to its denizens. The working population has been on the rise because of the burgeoning industries and the demands are being met by the simultaneously rising real estate sector. 

The mini township comprises villas, apartments and group housing. The villas are expandable and are available in sizes 144, 199 and 303 sq. yards with 2BHK and 3BHK options. On the other hand, the apartments are for those looking for luxury. The 4 bedroom, exquisitely designed and spacious apartments cover a sprawling area of 2585 sq. ft.  

Group Housing at Omaxe Rudrapur consists of 1 BHK, 2 BHK, 3 BHK and 4BHK options. Along with this, there is a provision for a health centre, banquet hall, shopping space and a club. People who are seeing Rudrapur as an investment option cannot go wrong with this choice. 

                                                           

OMAXE RIVIERA GREENLAND VILLAS
Location: Nainital Road, NH 87, Rudrapur, Uttarakhand Project Type: 2BHK, 3BHK Apartments & Duplex Villa

The Omaxe Riviera Greenland Villas are located on the Nainital Road NH 87 in Rudrapur. The villas have been tastefully designed covering an area between 144 sq. yards and 303 sq. yards.Omaxe Villas in Rudrapuris duplex with two options 2BHK and 3BHK. The expandable villas are a part of Omaxe Riviera and are over 190 in number. They are priced competitively to suit the needs of the growing consumers. It is a dream home in the hill station. Along with front and back lawns, the villas also have modular kitchens. The modern furnishings and natural surrounding around the property will take you to an altogether different world.

Omaxe Riviera has an entertainment zone, shopping mall, fitness club, swimming pool, and a central park all within the same township. Majority of the villas have been sold out, and the rest of them are in construction. This is one of the most successfully delivered residential projects in Rudrapur by Omaxe. Modern amenities for the comfort of people have been carefully laid in this project.

Many educational institutions, market and hospitals are near this project. Good quality material and state of the art finishing can be witnessed in each villa. While constructing, balanced flooring has been done to avoid any kind of hassle in the future. One can live in a comfortable environment away from the hustle and bustle of the city. These villas in Rudrapur are a perfect blend of the modern amenities and the classic home sweet home feeling.

The high quality building material enhances the looks of the villas, thus increasing the life span of the property. All your needs have been kept in mind before crafting this township. Wide space and Proper ventilation are two more qualities of these villas. One can enjoy the perks of living in an affordable and one of the best localities of the town. All the vital needs and other basic utilities can be easily accessed as the Greenland Villas are strategically located at Kalyanpur. The other parts of the city are easily accessible with all the major modes of transportation. 

                                                                 

OMAXE RIVIERA GROUP HOUSING
Location: Nainital Road, NH 87, Rudrapur, Uttarakhand Project Type: 1/2/3/4 BHK Apartments

Yet another residential venture being launched in the state of Uttarakhand. Omaxe Riviera Group Housing covers an area from 600 sq. ft. to 2815 sq. ft. The sprawling mini township spreads over 48 acres and speaks of an amalgam of functionality and design.

Away from the dull, monotonous city life in the natural world, the property is approximately 400 meters away from the highway. For those looking for a country club lifestyle and a pollution free environment, the location is in a convenient position and near all the basic amenities of life. The Riviera project is a fine mix of classical amenities and exquisite features. A health centre, shopping mall, banquet hall, restaurant, school and a club are just add ons.

Specifically designed apartments are bound to accommodate your needs of today. Further landscaping the project is the green and tranquil environment which creates a surreal sense of comfort within. 

As a scale of on going large scale industrial development, the city is attracting a huge chunk of people to purchase property here. As a buyer, here’s your chance to invest your hard earned money at the appropriate place with promises of high returns.

                                                               
OMAXE RIVIERA THAMES
Location: Nainital Road, NH ? 87, Rudrapur, Uttarakhand SIZE Project Type: 4 BHK, 4 BHK + SR

Omaxe Thames in Rudrapur is not just another address! This upcoming lifestyle habitat caters to elite connoisseurs of fine living, and will form part of the integrated mini township at Omaxe Riviera, spread over 48 landscaped acres on Nainital Road.

Come home to Omaxe Thames! Get ready for the magic of elegantly designed 4 bedroom apartments across 3 exquisite floors. Succumb to the excitement of lavish homes in 2585 sq. ft., with the complete array of world class amenities. Set your senses free over the green, pollution free environs and the spectacular clubhouse. While the view of the mountains is priceless, the apartments in Omaxe Thames can be yours at an incredibly attractive price.
                                                                        
Properties in Bahadurgarh
Bahadurgarh- 

Founded by Alamgir II, Bahadurgarh is located in Jhajjar District and is a major industrial city in Haryana. It enjoys great connectivity with the Delhi NCR. The town is connected to Delhi by the green metro line and also through national highways. The town has a burgeoning industrial sector which is generating a lot of employment opportunities. Recently the Govt. of Haryana has developed 200 acres of land for industrial purposes. The town also has fantastic greenery that accompanies it so that you can settle in the lap of nature. Bahadurgarh township, developed by Omaxe uses the best industrial standards and is a marvel of civil engineering. It is a crowning accomplishment of Brand Omaxe, which has now placed itself in 28 cities across 8 states. 

ABOUT BAHADURGARH TOWNSHIP- 
Omaxe has developed a state-of-the-art mini township in Bahadurgarh. It consists of 5 residential and 2 commercial projects which are equipped with all the modern amenities. Residential projects are mainly apartments, while commercial projects are retail shops with 1BHK options. Everyone can choose a dream home of their choice or invest according to their requirements.The spaces have shops in the basement and ground floor and 1BHK service apartments above and are adequately designed with facilities like 24-hr power backup, sophisticated security, and ample parking. 
OMAXE NORTH AVENUE II
Location: Omaxe City, Sector 15, NH-10, Bahadurgarh, Haryana- 124507 Project Type: 3BHK & 3BHK + Servent Room Apartments

Omaxe North Avenue-II is situated in Sector 15 Bahadurgarh. It is a residential property with 3BHK options covering an area between 1656 sq. ft. to 2148 sq. ft. The township is in close vicinity to Delhi.The residential apartments are available in two sizes 3 BHK in 1656 sq. ft. and 3 BHK plus servant room in 2148 sq ft. People looking for a lavish lifestyle can select any one of the options available here, with the first option as 3BHK apartments and the second one as 3BHK apartments with servant room. The amenities provided by the project are numerous that includes ample parking space, wide road entrances, lush green surrounding and pollution-free environment. For sports and fitness, basketball and squash courts have been facilitated. 3bhk flats in Bahadurgarh are eco-friendly as they are installed with rainwater harvesting system and the gardens have been landscaped to enhance the beauty of the township. For entertainment and socializing, banquet hall and a multipurpose hall are available along with other amenities like Sauna, Jacuzzi and Pool table. The security and the convenience of the residents have been duly kept in mind and therefore, round the clock staff is available on the property to stay away from any kind of hassles. Along with this, the complete community is gated, and the entrance lobby has been defined with the modern architecture. Each apartment brings joy to the residents living owing to the proper ventilation and green surroundings.The residential apartments are available in two sizes 3 BHK in 1656 sq. ft. and 3 BHK plus servant room in 2148 sq ft.

OMAXE ROYAL STREET
Location: Omaxe City II, Jhajjar road, Sector14, Bahadurgarh Project Type: 3BHK Apartments
 first-class housing endeavour has been launched by Omaxe Group in Sector 15 Bahadurgarh named Omaxe Royal Street. These are premium flats in Bahadurgarh with all the modern amenities. The 3 BHK flats in Bahadurgarh have a contemporary appeal. Among the many well-appointed services that the project swanks are landscaped gardens, intercom, rainwater harvesting system etc. it is the home for almost all Omaxe Group housing projects in Bahadurgarh. The project is just 7 km from the Delhi border and also has excellent connectivity to other cities of NCR as well. The flats are independent floors that have all the international level facilities. The project is well crafted and is built using innovative construction techniques. This residency exemplifies classiness and lavishness. The Royal Street project has evolved the standard of living of the local residents of Bahadurgarh as well as the outsiders. There is a clubhouse facility available with various indoor as well as outdoor games and sports. 100 per cent power backup is provided, and silent generators are installed in every block. The prices of the apartments are very reasonable, and the trustworthy name of Omaxe Group ensures that you are investing in a secure place The Royal Street flats are a wonderful place to call home and lead a healthy lifestyle in a safe environment. Convenience stores and the grocery stores are located within the premises so that you don’t have to step your foot outside the township in case of emergencies. The project has good security with 24x7 guards and CCTV surveillance. Landscaped gardens and theme parks have been constructed to promote active and healthy lifestyles among kids of all ages. Perks of Location Sunshine Public School: 1.6 KM Big Bazaar: 1.7 KM ECHS Hospital: 2.3 KM UCO Bank: 3.5 KM Metro station: 1.5 KM KMP: 2.5 KM

OMAXE NORTH AVENUE
Location: Omaxe City, Sector 15, NH-10, Bahadurgarh, Haryana- 124507 Project Type: 2BHK Apartment
North Avenue is in the centre of Bahadurgarh. The project has great connectivity via National Highway 10. The state-of-the-art interiors and exteriors offer a fresh perspective on a healthy lifestyle.  The ready to move flats in Bahadurgarh have spacious interiors with judicious usage of space. The average size of the 2 BHK flat in Bahadurgarh Township is approximately 1165 sq feet to 1214 sq feet. The project covers an area of 10.25 acres that includes residential towers with 10 floors each, parking areas, parks, gardens, walkways and other lifestyle amenities. The flats at Omaxe North Avenue are available at a very affordable price that suits that pocket of the buyer. It is suitably connected to various means of public transportation and has proximity to almost all civic utilities, including hospitals, schools and utility stores. The pathways are paved with floral works that add to the charm of the project. Top notch infrastructure can be seen in the interiors as well as the exteriors of the project. The flats have been distinctively designed to be vaastu compliant and in accordance with the sun light flow so that the apartments always receive ample natural light. The club house offers the residents both indoor as well as outdoor recreational activities. There is also an in fitted Reverse Osmosis System for water purification to maintain the health of the residents. The visitor parking is separate from the reserved resident parking to avoid any kind of parking issues. One of the interesting facts about the project is that the flats here at Omaxe North Avenue are available with gymnasium facilities. This gated project is ready to move in anytime the buyer wants to and has a super secure environment. North Avenue in sector 15 Bahadurgarh is a clean, hygienic and a safe place to live in and bring up a family. Omaxe North Avenue offers 2-bedroom residences with modern interiors and exteriors. Perks of Location
Metro Station: 1.5 km KMP: 2.5 Km ECHS Hospital: 1.8 km Shri Rama Bharti Public School: 500 m Omax Kids Park: 400m.


OMAXE CITY HOMES
Location: Sector 15 , Bahadurgarh Project Type: 3BHK Apartments
City Homes, a part of Omaxe City, Bahadurgarh is designed to suit the needs of the growing middle class. Added to it are the luxurious facilities in the township and features and amenities that make these 3 bedroom independent floors, spread in 320 square yards a treat to own. Located on NH-10, 8 km from Delhi, Omaxe City, an integrated township, is an ideal location for housing to flourish, considering its vicinity to adjoining cities. The highway is buzzing with development activity and the township is an apt developmental facility that will be provided to the residents. Comprising plots, villas and Happy Homes, this self-contained township will add to the beauty and pride of Bahadurgarh. A city within a city, the township will have schools, dispensary, theme park, crèche, state-of-the-art club with facilities like swimming pool, sauna, steam, Jacuzzi etc., local shopping centre, grocery store and more luxuries reflecting style and taste.

OMAXE PALM GREENS
Location: Sector MU, Greater Noida, Uttar Pradesh Project Type: 2BHK, 3BHK, 3BHK+servant room, 4BHK+servant room. Project Status: Ready to Move.
OVERVIEW
Omaxe Greater Noida takes immense joy in introducing its new residential venture, Palm Greens. It has flats ranging from 2BHK to 3 BHK and more. These flats are located in the heart of Greater Noida area. The 2 BHK flats in Greater Noida are as spacious as the 3 BHK flats in the Greater Noida Palm Greens with attached servant quarters.  The infrastructure of Palm Greens is supplemented by exclusive global standard interiors as well as over the top exteriors. Its proximity to numerous hospitals, restaurants, banks, parks, schools and petrol pumps makes this place very approachable. The Palm Greens project is well connected to Delhi and Noida via the Expressway. Blessed with nature friendly lifestyle, Palm Greens project ensure complete comfort, delight and pleasure. Omaxe Palm Greens offers some a superb ambience to raise a family and also provided amenities like swimming pool, club house, multipurpose room, children's play area, sports facility, rainwater harvesting, intercom, gymnasium, power backup, 24 x 7 security, landscaped gardens, indoor games, and maintenance staff. The extensive landscape around the flats tell a whole new story altogether. The project also offers you to buy flats in Greater Noida at a handsome cost. The project is well connected by different modes of transportation nearby including a bus stand. It is made keeping in mind a traditional family as well as a modern family. Kindly call us for details if you are planning to buy 2BHK and 3 BHK flats in Greater Noida. If you are looking for the best 2BHK and 3BHK ready to move flats in Greater Noida, then Omaxe residential properties is a perfect choice of preference. Omaxe Properties have the vision to provide 100% customer satisfaction and have completed many projects with 1, 2, 3 and 4 BHK flats with attached servant quarter in Greater Noida.Perks of OMAXE PALM GREENS Shri Krishna Lifeline Hospital: 3.36 Kms Wipro Special Economic Zone: 2.65 Kms Samay Institute of Mathematics: 3.5 Kms Bodaki Cricket Ground: 4 Kms

ORCHID AVENUE
Location: Sector MU, Greater Noida, Uttar Pradesh Project Type: 2BHK & 3BHK Apartments. Project Status: Delivered.
OVERVIEW
Omaxe feels proud in introducing its next residential project, Omaxe Orchid Avenue in Greater Noida. Being in the heart of Greater Noida, Orchid Avenue has connectivity to Delhi as well as Noida via the Expressway. It is a low rise residential multi use building with great views and the surrounding environment. Omaxe Orchid Avenue is strategical with different floor plans and storey. The project provides various amenities for a traditional as well as a modern lifestyle, like wide roads, play zones, gym, reserved parking lots, terrace gardens and much more. The buildings of Orchid Avenue are earthquake resistant and have round the clock power backup. Orchid Avenue offers 2BHK flats in Greater Noida that are ready to move in. The venture has proximity to community hospitals, entertainment centres and also to various multinational companies. Both public and private schools and universities lie close to the This is a residential project that offers very well designed 3BHK flats in Greater Noida. The project is well connected by various modes of transportation and is   located near 130 meter wide road with entry from 60 meter wide road. Proposed Metro connectivity to Noida with multi-tier security within the premises makes it more amicable. Omaxe Orchid Avenue is well aligned with Yamuna Expressway. It has lush green surroundings with 3000 acres of a forest reserve that makes Orchid Avenue even more delightful. Orchid Avenue is complete with amenities required for a modern and contemporary lifestyle. Orchid Avenue is one of the most reputable addresses of the city with easy access to all the major landmarks. The amenities offered to assure many choices to relax, revitalise and relish at your own home. To ensure safety to the residents, 24*7 perimeter guards and security devices have been installed. The project is designed in a way that provides proper ventilation along with wide space. The interiors and exteriors have been beautifully crafted with designer materials procured from different sources.Perks of ORCHID AVENUE Jai Durga Public School: 3 km Dharamraj Hospital: 3.7 km INOX Movies: 3.6 km Public School: 4 km. 

OMAXE PALM VILLAS
Location: Sector MU, Greater Noida, Uttar Pradesh Project Type: 2BHK, 3BHK, 3BHK+SR & 4BHK+SR. 
OVERVIEW
With the cost of many cities soaring high, Greater Noida is one such place which is becoming a viable option for property buyers. It is swiftly becoming the alternative housing destination for those who are not capable to find any good solutions in Delhi and Noida.  Omaxe Palm Villas is a residential project located at Sector MU of Greater Noida.These villas stroke your sensations to mollycoddle you to the undreamt desires. Charming and heartening through every corner of the home, these luxury villas in Greater Noida add to the feasibility, user friendly and sumptuous quotient. Well connected to the National Capital and Noida through the Expressway, Palm Villas in Greater Noida spread over 24 acres, making it a highly alluring residential address. Besides the Palm Villas estate, the surrounding greenery and natural beauty make living there even more appealing. Because of fast developing area, ready to move villas in Greater Noida fascinate people from all financial backgrounds, especially the middle strata people. Greater Noida Industrial Development Authority (GNIDA) is also preparing to set up its own power plant which will help to provide continuous power supply. Omaxe Palm Villas are ready to move in and are in close proximity to several gated residential communities. Many educational institutions and shopping malls are within the vicinity of the residential complex. Located in one of the most promising locations of Greater Noida, the development in nearby areas makes it worth living.  It is one of the most attractive options in the national capital region that offers best in comfort and quality of living with an attractive price bracket. Omaxe Palm Villas is a low-density project that is spread over lush green spaces. The location offers coherent residential units in a pocket friendly range. This vogue has given the opportunity to small and mid-sized developers to come up with their innovative residential projects.Perks of OMAXE PALM VILLAS Food points: 2.5 km Medical stores: 3 km Grocery stores: 1 km Shopping and entertainment: 4 km Public Hospital: 3 km


MAYFIELD GARDEN DESIGNER VILLAS
Location: Sec- 51, Gurugram Project Type: Villas, Independent floor RERA Regd. No:, Project Status: Delivered. OVERVIEW
In yet another offering from Omaxe, these villas have been designed keeping in view the luxurious needs of the rich and wealthy. A 15-minute drive from Delhi, Mayfield Gardens make for an exciting stay with a blend of leisure and facilities that match modern day need and pleasure. Located in sector 51, Gurgaon Omaxe Villas is a premium residential development. Sector 51, 46 and 57 are very easily accessible, and there are reputed schools like Amity International school and Manav Rachna International school. Perks of Location
Artemis Hospital: 4.7 KM Huda City Center: 4.8 KM Amity International School: 4.9 KM Medanta-The Medicity: 4.7 KM Manav Rachna International School: 4.8 KM Artemis Hospital: 4.7 KM Amity International School: 4.9 KM Manav Rachna International School: 4.8 KM

OMAXE OLIVE APARTMENTS I & II
Location: B-743, Sushant Lok Phase I, Sector 27, Block B, Sector 43, Gurugram, Haryana 122002, India Project Type: 3 BHK Apartments RERA   Project Status: Delivered
OVERVIEW- Olive Apartments offers spacious accommodation and are designed to make life comfortable. Located at Sushant Lok Phase -II, Olive is a desirable residential township in Gurgaon. At a 15 minutes drive from IGI airport, it offers an altogether different quality of life. A vast expanse of lush green pollution-free environment sprawling over 400 acres, the apartments have been designed in such a way that 45 acres of green space, so as to maintain a harmony with true. These are self contained units with all the civic amenities to provide its inhabitants with today's pace and comforts. Perks of Location Bus Stop: HUDA City Centre Metro Station B School: K.R.Mangalam World School Hospital: Fortis Memorial Research Institute Shopping Mall: Safal

SUNCITY EXECUTIVE FLOORS
Location: Suncity, Sector 54, Gurugram, Haryana, India Project Type: Independent Floors
OVERVIEW
Breathe the fresh air every morning and enjoy the great view of the beautifully designed and maintained residence. Omaxe Suncity Executive Floors is strategically located at Sector 54, Gurgaon. The project is built with beautiful atmosphere spread over 130 acres of land full of landscaped garden and greenery. The Executive Floors in Gurgaon is all about the excellent build quality, a well-designed masterplan and active living. Landscaped design, security, excellent connectivity, quality fitting and accessories are some of the reasons to prefer flats in Gurgaon. The residence is set amidst natural environment, and it is well-planned for a lifestyle that is balanced and complete, for both individuals and families, with effective space planning, optimum sizes, and features beyond the ordinary. We are committed to providing quality living to all people and so the amazingly accommodating 3 BHK flats in Gurgaon with all the essentials of a premium living space. Omaxe Suncity Executive Floors provides a special blend of recreational amenities like gym, jogging track and clubhouse for a healthy and active way of life. A 3 BHK flat in Gurgaon offers integrated living, with modern amenities, so it’s a home that gives you lot more than usual. The flat is a well-designed apartment that offers comfortable living spaces. The amenities within the residential complex ensure a complete blend of luxury and convenience for people. Omaxe Suncity Executive Floors offers apartments with well thought out spaces, built for the smarter generation. Also, both professionals and families can enjoy this great lifestyle and memorable for children who love to play and discover more.Perks of Location
Bus Stop: Sector 55/56 Metro Station: : 2.6 KM Gym: Fitness Club Gym: : 3 KM ATM: ING Bank ATM: 2.8 KM

SOUTH AVENUE EXECUTIVE FLOORS
Location: Sec - 56, Gurugram Project Type: 3 BHK Flats & Luxury Apartments.Project Status: Delivered
OVERVIEW- These state-of-the-art luxury villas by Omaxe in South Avenue, Gurgaon give the residents an incentive to splurge in the breathtaking architecture and facilities of Executive Floors. Added to it is the infrastructure of Gurgaon, which makes residing in these stunning villas a treat. A 15 minute drive from the capital, Delhi, residents have been enjoying the splendour of these villas.Perks of Location Hospital: Vankshit Dental Solutions: 1.6 KM School: Bitsy Boots play school & Day Care: 2 KM Bus Stop: Sector 55/56 Metro Station: 3 KM Hospital: Artemis Hospital Gurgaon: 3 KM Gym: 2.5 KM. 

SUSHANT LOK II EXECUTIVE FLOORS
Location: Sector 57, Gurugram, Haryana Project Type: Independent 3BHK Floors. Project Status: Delivered
OVERVIEW Omaxe Sushant Lok-2 Executive Floors Gurgaon is designed with the perfect blend of amenities, futuristic - location, technology, community, as well as world-class fittings and fixtures by reputed brands. The project is strategically located,and the area is spread across 130 acresof a luxurious lifestyle. Space enough for a peaceful living, memorable childhood, family reunions, living life to its fullest. Perks of Loaction Bus Stop: Sector 55/56 Metro Station Patron Infotech Services Fitness Club Gym

OMAXE THE NILE
Location: Sector 49, Gurugram Project Type: Multistorey Apartments - 3BHK,4BHK Appartments.Project Status: Delivered. 	OVERVIEW
Located in the heart of Gurgaon, on the Sohna-Gurgaon highway, The Nile is a breath-taking sight. made after one of the world's largest rivers, Nile is a perfect blend of ancient charm and modern infrastructure. The state-of-the-art township consists of 416 multistorey apartments.Perks of Location Hospital: Ektaa Hospitals ATM: Axis Bank ATM Shopping Mall: M3M Cosmopolitan School: GD Goenka 'La Petite'


OMAXE ROYAL RESIDENCY
Location: NOIDA Project Type: 3/4 BHK Apartments.Project Status: Delivered.
OVERVIEW
Omaxe 3 BHK apartment in Noida offers a perfect lifestyle experience. Omaxe royal residence is synonymous for its affordability and aesthetic look. The project is strategically situated in D-11, Sector 44 Noida. We provide world-class structures with an impressive service to our clients. Each tower and unit in the project follows the pattern of a unique signature. Omaxe is all set to embark on its affordable flats for sale in Noida. It is ready to occupy 4 BHK apartments in Noida. The most attractive feature of the project is its style and design, and the construction is completely Vastu compliant. Omaxe royal residence budget flats in noida consist of 3 towers and 150 units with an area ranging from 1600 – 1900 sq ft. The project is built using the latest technologies in construction and top-quality materials for safe and serene living. 	We offer well-structured building with basic amenities blended with spacious interiors. While designing and constructing every sector of the project, we keep customer’s comforts and requirements in mind, so the residence caters all the user demands. Building on your expectations, priorities and dream of classy living standard, we believe in enhance the living standard and quality of life for our customers by constructing and designing living spaces using excellent architectural concepts that are suitable for the contemporary era. The flats are available at attractive Noida property rates, so here we invite you to own an apartment which fits in your Wallet.Perks of OMAXE ROYAL RESIDENCY
Location: NOIDA Golf Course Station: 2.0 KM Great India Place: 2.7 KM Army Public School: 1.9 KM Apollo Hospital: 4.5 KM Citibank ATM: 2.7 KM Guardian Pharmacy: 2.7 KM Wave Cinemas Entertainment: 5.0 KM Gulmohar Garden: 0.5 KM Indian Oil Petrol Pump: 1.0 KM

OMAXE TWIN TOWERS
Location: Sector 50, Noida, Uttar Pradesh Project Type: 3/4BHK Apartments, Project Status: Ready to Move.
OVERVIEW
Omaxe Twin Tower is a premium luxury residential apartment in Sector-50 Noida. The residential project is strategically located in a prestigious location which is emerging as a booming commercial hub. The location of the project is with the scenic value of a beautiful and non-polluted atmosphere. That is where our twin tower is exquisitely nestled. The residence offers 136 individual units of 3 BHK luxury apartments in Noida and 4 BHK in Noida with 2 towers and 19 floors. Twin tower is a well-designed and conceptualized project with a perfect blend of class, style, and substance. The project is situated near expressway that offers easy accessibility to all the significant location. They also come with special amenities from basic to entertainment and socializing services that makes twin tower a perfect choice for your living. The project construction has adopted modern technology and innovations in construction and architecture. Hence the residents in the flat can enjoy all the basic and luxury amenities. As the projects have been constructed keeping customer comforts, aspirations in mind, residents can enjoy all the comfort in every segment of project. Another attractive feature in this 4 BHK flats in Noida is the rejuvenating and recreational facilities. Building on your priorities, expectations and your dream of a classier living standard the project offers luxury amenities like sit-out balconies, modular kitchen with Gas Hob & Chimney, cubical shower, and Jacuzzi bathtub. To improve the quality of life the resident offers water recycling, low voltage lighting, photovoltaic cells powering most public lighting, solar assisted hot water systems.Perks of OMAXE TWIN TOWERS
Location: Sector 50 Wave City Center: 2 KM Manav Rachna International school: 3 KM Ryan International School: 2.8 KM Sector-41: 2.8 KM Sector-49: 2.7 KM Sector-39: 2.9 KM.

GRAND OMAXE
Location: Sector 93B, Noida, Uttar Pradesh Project Type: 2BHK, 3BHK & 3BHK+SR, Project Status: Delivered. OVERVIEW
Grand Omaxe, located in Sector 93B on Noida Expressway, is spread across 25 acres and nestled in the 325-acre reserve forest. The project area ranges from 1110-1940 sq. ft and also offers the peaceful living at best location with easy connectivity. Due to its ambiance and features this residence is the most sort after project for those who have preference for uniquely designed homes. With 22 Towers and 1320 units in 10 floors, it has an endless array of essential and luxury amenities and utilities. Omaxe Grand is a well-designed and conceptualized residential project with a perfect combination of classiness and style. Omaxe Grand residential 2 BHK and 3 BHK flats in Noida offers you the best experience – an experience backed by a quality structure and essential amenities that you can rely on. With its iconic sense of style and design these exclusive residential flats will provide you everything you desire and require. You can expect a residence with a serene living atmosphere with the facilities that cater all your needs. The 2 BHK property in Noida is completed with creative recreation and rejuvenation social facilities like swimming pool, gym, in-house state-of-the-art club, sauna, Jacuzzi, steam and much more to relax. Additionally the project also house facilities like multipurpose court, party lounge area, snooker pool and squash. Some of the added attraction to the residence is Multi cuisine restaurant and cafeteria and conference room.  With all these quality and service Omaxe residence believes in your dream of a classier living standard.
Perks of Location GRAND OMAXE Noida-Greater Noida: 1 km Genesis Global School: 5 km Indraprastha Global School: 5 km The Great India place: 10 km JBM Global School: 5 km Jaypee Hospital: 5 km Jaypee Institute: 5 km.

THE FOREST SPA
Location: Sector 93B, Noida, Uttar Pradesh Project Type: 3/4BHK Apartments, Project Status: Ready to Move. 
OVERVIEW
The Omaxe Forest Spa is a well-designed premier flat is situated at 93B, Noida, near expressway, which is one of the most prominent routes to connect with major part of the city and the capital. This premium apartment project in Noida houses 3-BHK, 4-BHK & Penthouses with all modern amenities. The 3 BHK ready to move flats in Noida project area ranges from 2900-8100 sq. ft with 3 towers, 19 floors and 176 units. With excellent an architectural design that matches the contemporary living standard, we believe 4 BHK ready to move flats in Noida enhance the living standards of the residents with our quality architecture. 4 BHK ready to move flats in Noida have excellent connectivity to several shopping centers, schools, medical facilities and other facilities. The omaxe 3 BHK ready to move flats in Noida offers several amenities for sports, fitness, entertainment and socializing. Some them includes Golf Course, Swimming pool, Lawn Tennis Court, Multipurpose Court and even more to keep you fit and energized. There are also other amenities like children’s play area, multipurpose hall, garden for everyone to spend their leisure time. Apart from having serene living, the property also has an attractive investment opportunity due to its increasing industries and road connectivity. Omaxe 3 BHK for sale in Noida will fulfill all your expectations and let your dream of a classier living standard comes true. Perks of Location THE FOREST SPA: Indraprastha Global School: 3 KM J S Hospital: 3 KM Hazrat Nizamuddin: 20.6 KM Noida-Greater Noida Expressway: 5 MIN DLF Mall of India: 13 KM.

THE FOREST
Location: The Forest, Sec 92, Noida Project Type: 4-BHK, 5-BHK & Penthouses, Project Status: Ready to Move.
OVERVIEW
Omaxe The Forest is a residential project in Sector 92, Noida. The residential project intends to offer a comfortable living standard to the residents by adding many facilities to the project apart from residential apartments. The forest sector is centrally located and offers 3 BHK, 4 BHK flats & Penthouses. These are luxury homes with area ranges from 2900-8100 sq. ft. are one of the best available in Noida. The project offers a luxury environment with a refreshing and rejuvenating surrounding. These gorgeous apartments are nestled in the area ranges around 325 acres beautiful reserve forest. Experience the taste of luxury living with a serene living. The Forest Spa is a combination of luxury apartments and penthouses that are limited edited. With an exceptional architectural design, the Omaxe Forest Spa is complete heaven with state-of-the-art tennis court, fitness centre, club, multi-cuisine restaurant, swimming pool and other fabulous facilities to enable a luxurious lifestyle. The key amenities of the project include schools, hospitals, ATMs, and markets are available at a close distance from the locality. An extensive network of public transports in the close vicinity makes the project accessible. Located right next to the highway, it will enable the buyers to go for an easy commute. Since it is in the heart of the city, all the necessary items for day to day use are available close to the project. It is approx. 4 km away from hospitals, schools, road connectivity so it a good opportunity for customers looking for a luxury property in Noida. The project offers several amenities keeping in mind the requirement of modern living standard of residents. The locality is also well-connected by bus and road network.Perks of The Forest, Sec 92 Noida-Greater Noida Expressway: 2 KM JS Hospital: 1.5 KM School: 3.5KM Shopping mall: 4.7 KM Bus Stop: 3.2 KM Jaypee Hospital: 4 KM Genesis Global School: 4 KM Sector-93: 3 KM Sector-85: 2 KM Sector-91: 2 KM. 


KRISHNA CREST
Location: Chhatikara Road, Vrindavan,UP Project Type: Service Apartments RERA Regd. No: UPRERAPRJ2200 UPRERAPRJ2227
Located in Chhatikara Road, Vrindavan, Omaxe brings you its modern and contemporary luxury residence, Omaxe Krishna Castle. Omaxe Krishna Crest has two towers: Crest-1 & Crest 2, Crest 1 has 139 units Crest 2 has 70 units Total of 209 units. All the units in the property are well designed with airy and spacious design. Omaxe Krishna chest units on each floor cater to a private and enviable few that wish the ideal habitat with top quality, luxury, and ambiance. Krishna crest is located very close to Mathura. These meticulously designed 1 studio apartments and offers scenic views of the greenery around the property. The property is situated in the prime location of the city and offers easy connectivity to any part of the city. The thoughtfully designed and luxuriously laid out OmaxeKrishnaCastleis an exclusive project that houses 200 units that range in size from 485 sq.ft., 585 sq.ft., 605 sq.ft. to 925 sq.ft.along with all the essential amenities in a single high-rise tower. The contemporary and modern design of this property is crafted in tune with the harmony of nature. Spaciously designed each apartment offers you with privacy, comfort, and lavishness that you seek in your house. KrishnaCastlehas a plethora of top-class amenities that include Geyser, Induction, LED TV, Mini Fridge, AC, 4 –seater sofa, Almirah, Fan and Light, Double bed with mattress. Conveniently situated at the upscale location of Vrindavan, this project offers close proximity to several temples, malls, restaurants, and other social facilities.Location Benefits Bankey Bihari Temple: 6.8 km Iskon Temple: 3 km Prem Mandir: 2.4 km

OMAXE FULL MOON
Location: Chhatikara Road, Vrindavan , Mathura, UP Project Type: 1BHK+Study, 2BHK+Study & 3BHK RERA Regd. No: UPRERAPRJ2218, 33 LAKH -  47 LAKH Project Status: Delivered / Sold Out. Omaxe full moon is located in Chhatikara Road, Vrindavan “the city of Lord Krishna”. The residential property is a masterpiece to let you feel the serene beauty of the nature. The property also offers all essential amenities to make you appreciate the magical perspective of the divine beauty.  The Omaxe full moon is one place where you can rejoice the living and embrace the fresh breeze through your windows. If you are looking to buy a excellent property in Vrindavan, both in terms of living and investment then Omaxe full moon is the ideal choice. Omaxe Full Moon offers 1, 2 and 3-BHK apartments that comes with area choices 1779, 959, 1144, 1315, 1604 & 1732 sq ft which are very spacious with excellent amenities and features. The property is surrounded with green landscape, water bodies and forest. The residence is in close vicinity to famous Prem Mandir. Some of the key amenities include gymnasium, children’s play area, swimming pool, club house, intercom, cafeteria, 24x7 security, jogging track, car parking, landscaped gardens, fully equipped spa, gated complex, satellite TV connection, temple and pravachan hall, conference hall with broadband connectivity, park, water bodies. The project also includes recreational activities like table tennis, yoga and meditation area, billiards room. Some of the additional facilities also includes common car wash area, transportation facility, shopping centre, restaurant, dispensary/first aid centre, fax, musical fountain, etc.  Omaxe Full Moon property is one of the best properties in the entire Vrindavan region and ultimate choice for living in absolute peace and harmony.

OMAXE ETERNITY
Location: Chhatikara Road, Vrindavan, Uttar Pradesh Project Type: 2 BHK, & Studio Apartments RERA Regd. No: UPA00215462, Project Status: Delivered / Sold Out. 
OVERVIEW Omaxe Eternity is an integrated township spread across an area of 95.1 acres is a mix of modern facilities with holiness launched in Vrindavan. Omaxe Properties, one amongst the leaders in the real estate sector, presents Omaxe Eternity, in the inhabited residential property for sale in Vrindavan.It gives you the advantage of an exquisite lifestyle without compromising on connectivity, surrounded by the top hospitals, schools, colleges and shopping malls in the vicinity, Omaxe Eternity is the hub for harmonious habitation. Easy accessibility and connectivity from near-by cities; this contemporary township brings together the best design and planning. Omaxe Eternity has spacious 1/2 BHK flats in Vrindavan, in options of 432-1200 sq. ft. which provides the modern amenities essential for a comfortable and stylish living experience. This group housing project from Omaxe gives a complete living experience that is unmatched in aesthetics, facilities, and infrastructure. Omaxe Eternity is the gateway to the flawless living experience you have always wanted. Omaxe Eternity has many standard features that make Eternity an attractive destination to live in, include a large Temple Complex, Yoga / Meditation Centre, Central Park with Musical Fountain, huge open space, local shopping area, ample parking spaces, provision for schools within the complex, gated entry-exit, and security arrangements, Kids play area, recreational centre, restaurant facility, etc. The breath-taking wide huge green landscape and stylish apartments replete with international comforts add to the viability of Eternity. Perks of Location Isckon Temple: 4 km Bharati Foods and restaurant: 1.7 km Syndicate bank: 4 km.TOP REASONS TO BUY THE PROPERTY Properties from Omaxe have it all, whether you want a home or return on investment Fitness Centre (Part of Club), Restaurant (Part of Club), Indoor Games (Part of Club), Swimming Pool (Part of Club), Excellent Connectivity, Pedestrian Jogging/Walking Track, Children Play Area, Power Backup, Pollution Free Environment, Water Supply, Pravachan Hall, Transportation Facility, Car Parking, Intercom Facility, First Aid Centre, Prime Location, Garden, Yoga, CCTV Access, Water Tank.

KRISHNA CASTLE
Location: Chhatikara Road, Vrindavan,UP Project Type: Studio Apartments, 1- Bed Room RERA Regd. No: UPRERAPRJ1988, Project Status: Delivered / Sold Out. OVERVIEW
Located in Chhatikara Road, Vrindavan, Omaxe brings you its modern and contemporary luxury residence, Omaxe Krishna Castle. Krishna Castle Vrindavan is an attractive and exclusive studio apartment that has 200 units and 1 tower. All the flats in Vrindavan in the property are well designed with airy and spacious design. Omaxe Krishna Castle units on each floor cater to a private and enviable few that wish the ideal habitat with top quality, luxury and ambience.  Krishna Castle is located very close to Mathura. These meticulously designed 1 BHK flat in Vrindavan and offers scenic views of the greenery around the property. The property is situated in the prime location of the city and offers easy connectivity to any part of the city. The thoughtfully designed and luxuriously laid out Omaxe Krishna Castle is an exclusive project that ouses 200 units that range in size from 485 sq. ft., 585 sq. ft., 605 sq. ft. to 925 sq. ft. along with all the essential amenities in a single high-rise tower. The contemporary and modern design of this property is crafted in tune with the harmony of nature. Spaciously designed 1 BHK in Vrindavan offers you with privacy, comfort, and lavishness that you seek in your house. Krishna Castle has a plethora of top-class amenities that include Geyser, Induction, LED TV, Mini Fridge, AC, 4 –seater sofa, Almirah, Fan and Light, Double bed with mattress. Conveniently situated at the upscale location of Vrindavan, this project offers close proximity to several temples, malls, restaurants and other social facilities. Location Benefits of KRISHNA CASTLE: Bankey Bihari Temple: 6.8 km Iskon Temple: 3 km Prem Mandir: 2.4 km


Commercial Properties

Jaipur

Omaxe Jaipur Township comprises 4 residential and 3 commercial projects. Residential properties provide the best-in-class facilities to their residents. The commercial properties have shops covering an area of 60 sq. yards to 300 sq. yards and are designed to offer the greatest flexibility to business owners. 

The properties are built with sustainability, excellence and innovation in mind. Each property at Omaxe in the city is designed with a legacy of trust and commitment to excellence and uses cutting-edge construction technology. 

The properties are in prime locations and have all the modern facilities like state-of-the-art security, 24hr power back, parking and lift facilities, etc. The customers can live in heavenly comfort with all the panache and style with great connectivity to the town.

Omaxe Jaipur Township is a contemporary engineering marvel and a glorious feather in the cap of Brand Omaxe, which has spread its wings in 8 states and 28 cities. 

OMAXE CENTRAL MARKET RC-7
Location: Omaxe City, Balaji Mandir, Ajmer-Jaipur Expy, Near Badke, Jaipur, Rajasthan, India Project Type: Shops Project Status: Operational

The design of your workplace can either elevate or dampen the over-all ambience. Beautiful architecture not only entices the customers but also promotes productivity, efficiency and employee’s comfort. The best design of a workplace is the one that allows you to seamlessly focus on your business. It provides you with all the amenities at disposal.

Omaxe presents you the new age of retail shopping experience at Jaipur, Omaxe Central Market RC-7. With our unparalleled expertise in delivering world-class commercial projects, Omaxe Central Market RC-7 is a next-generation commercial space that epitomizes the superlative architectural design and finish. With each shop of approximately (3 x 3) mtr in size, this project provides you with a sufficient luxurious space to run your retail business. Comprising of magnificent interiors with gleaming marbles, crystal glass and polished wood, this commercial project carries a unique aesthetic appeal and is packed with infinite avenues to give a boost to your business.

Strategically located in the heart of Omaxe city (Phase – II), a world-class integrated township, the entire market serves as a famous shopping destination for the residents.

So, if you are planning to buy a commercial space in Jaipur, Omaxe Central Market RC-7 is the right choice for you.

OMAXE SHUBHANGAN STREET MARKET
Location: Omaxe City, Jaipur-Ajmer Express Highway, Jaipur Project Type: Shopping Complex Project Status: Delivered

Shubhangan Street Market, a project under Omaxe City offers affordable plots where residents can build homes according to their taste. Available in the sizes of 60 square yard to 300 square yard, this integrated township invites modernity to meet nature.

Strategically located on the Jaipur Ajmer Express Highway, the project is nestled in a city flooded with buzzing development activities and is accessible to all the major institutions and destinations like station, airport, hospital and school to name a few.

Repleted with every basic facility that makes for a luxurious living, the project enthralls the serene greenery with facilities like state-of-the-art multiplex cinema, water body, food courts and family entertainment options, exclusive clubhouse with recreation and health-club facilities like gymnasium, swimming pool, sauna, steam, jacuzzi and indoor games like squash, billiards, etc. With this project, we aim to redefine the art of high standard living alongside pleasure.

OMAXE CITY STREET MARKET
Location: Omaxe City, Jaipur-Ajmer Express Highway, Jaipur, Rajasthan Project Type: Retail Shops Project Status: Delivered

The new-age retail shopping experience now comes to Jaipur.  Omaxe City presents you an irresistible and a delightful shopping destination, Omaxe Street Market. Comprising of shops, each of size of 3 x 3 mtr, it’s a project that offers an unmatched class along with affordability. We understand for any retail business, a shop is what creates the first impression in front of the clients.

Thus, with a legacy of delivering world-class commercial projects pan India, each shop in the city street market has been exquisitely crafted taking into consideration even the minute details. Every single corner of the market embodies the unrelenting efforts of our finest architects. An effort to be off the track from the conventional patterns and deliver the next generation of designs for the commercial space.

As an ultra-modern retail market, it embraces all the cutting edge technologies like durable power backup, advanced centralised air conditioning, modern lighting and much more to make it a highly comfortable premises for your business and render with an atmosphere, where the only thing you can focus on is your business.

So, if you are planning to buy a commercial space in Jaipur, Omaxe City Street Market is the right choice for you.



Indrapuram

Situated in a prime location, the sprawling 65,000 sq. ft. Park Plaza is a one-stop family entertainment centre throbbing with life. The smartly planned project has been crafted to be the ultimate pulsating centre. Precisely meeting every need for an ideal workspace for the aspiring business leaders of tomorrow, Omaxe Park Plaza lets you own stunning commercial spaces for a long-term investment plan.

The impeccably landscaped Park Plaza offers something for everyone. With a spacious parking area and lush gardens around it, this complete commercial space is decked with all essential amenities for a fun outing. Major national and international brands, the biggest names in retail chains, restaurants, cafes, department stores, and hospitality adorn Omaxe Park Plaza, which understands the needs of today.

OMAXE PLAZA INDIRAPURAM
Location: Omaxe Plaza Indirapuram Project Type: Mall Project Status: Operational

Situated in a prime location, the sprawling 65,000 sq.ft. Park Plaza is a one-stop family entertainment centre throbbing with life. The smartly planned project has been crafted to be the ultimate pulsating centre. Precisely meeting every need of an ideal workspace for the aspiring business leaders of tomorrow, Omaxe Park Plaza lets you own stunning commercial spaces for a long-term investment plan.

The impeccably landscaped Park Plaza unfolds something for everyone. With spacious parking area and lush gardens around it, this complete commercial space is decked with all essential amenities for a fun outing. Major national and international brands, the biggest names in retail chains, restaurants, cafes, departmental stores, hospitality and what not – Omaxe Park Plaza understands the need of today.


Agra


In Agra, Omaxe has a unique commercial project by the name of SRK Mall; a mark of envy for others and stands currently as the sole proud figure for Brand Omaxe, which has now spread to 28 cities across 8 states. 

With the objective of building structurally and aesthetically remarkable commercial projects in Agra, Omaxe has created SRK mall that represents elegance, class, and space. The mall is spread across 199,000 sq. ft and is located near Bhagwan Talkies, NH-2, Delhi – Agra Road.   

Detailed with the finest finishing, Omaxe SRK mall brings you uncompromised quality at every floor and turn. Omaxe SRK Mall is an excellent commercial property and is appreciated for its unique and well-designed architecture. All the floors in the mall are planned with the foresight to suit any business and come with all the amenities required to run a business efficiently. 

This commercial space is a perfect blend of business efficiency, corporate elegance, and aesthetic appeal. It is an ideal choice to take your business to new heights. The strategic location with excellent connectivity adds to its benefits. 

In Agra, Omaxe has a unique commercial project by the name of SRK Mall; a mark of envy for others and stands currently as the sole proud figure for Brand Omaxe, which has now spread to 28 cities across 8 states. 

With the objective of building structurally and aesthetically remarkable commercial projects in Agra, Omaxe has created SRK mall that represents elegance, class, and space. The mall is spread across 199,000 sq. ft and is located near Bhagwan Talkies, NH-2, Delhi – Agra Road.   

Detailed with the finest finishing, Omaxe SRK mall brings you uncompromised quality at every floor and turn. Omaxe SRK Mall is an excellent commercial property and is appreciated for its unique and well-designed architecture. All the floors in the mall are planned with the foresight to suit any business and come with all the amenities required to run a business efficiently. 

This commercial space is a perfect blend of business efficiency, corporate elegance, and aesthetic appeal. It is an ideal choice to take your business to new heights. The strategic location with excellent connectivity adds to its benefits. 


OMAXE SRK MALL
Location: Near Bhagwan Talkies, NH-2, DelhiI Agra Road, Agra Project Type: Multiplex, Retail & Food Court Project Status: Delivered

A uniquely designed architecture that surpasses the top standards of commercialisation - Omaxe SRK Mall in Agra is an attraction in itself. Spread over a staggering 1,99,000 sq. ft., the mall is a one-stop solution for all needs. The project has been crafted with acute precision, and the interiors epitomize the next generation of infrastructure. Spacious shops and showrooms lined up for all major firms to pour in, the mall welcomes national and international brands like Pizza Hut, Ritu Kumar, Dawar, Costa Coffee among others welcome visitors. Besides, it has a multiplex, food court, speciality restaurants, and more to make it an enjoyable, leisurely and a perfect day out for anybody looking for an ambience.


Sonepat

Omaxe Township is an integrated hi-tech township spread across 350 acres. All the modern amenities like hospitals, schools and shopping malls are a part of this project. A total of 6 projects have been delivered to the residents of the city, out of which 5 are residential, and 1 is commercial. 

 

The commercial project, Omaxe Plaza, is spread over an area of 17 acres comprising state-of-the-art amenities. It has space for shops, offices and a food court. So all your needs can be fulfilled under one roof.  

 

Residential projects comprise plots, villas, independent floors and apartments. The plots have been developed and are available in varying sizes. The apartments and villas have 2BHK and 3BHK options while the builder floors have been constructed in 3BHK. 


OMAXE CITY- OMAXE PLAZA
Location: Omaxe City, NH-1, Sonepat Project Type: Shops , Offices & Food Court Project Status: Delivered
Price : Rupees 1 LAKH -  1 CRORE


Are you planning to own an excellent spacious and stunning commercial space in one of the prime localities of Sonipat? Omaxe Plaza Sonipat is the ideal choice for a long-term investment plan.

Omaxe Plaza is situated in a prime location of the Sonipat, a smartly planned commercial spaces which meets every need to make it an ideal workspace for the aspiring business leaders of Tomorrow which is spread over an area of approx. 75,000 sq. ft.

It is the best investment option in the important area of Sonipat. Now, 100% of commercial property in Sonipat is for sale. We have international facilities like open parking, continuous water supply for 24 hours and 100% power backup are available for this commercial space. In emergency cases of repair issues, the service providers are also easily available nearby to this office space. This complete commercial space is decked with excellent stylish vitrified tiles flooring which gives an extraordinary look to the overall appearance.

Many banks and ATMs are available at a walk able distance from this locality. Travelling to this place is also quite easy, as all the modes of transportations are available from here at a stone throw distance. In addition to that, this commercial space is situated on the main road in a huge crowded area that benefits you with more profit within no time. Some of the additional attraction in the project is beautifully landscaped surrounding, Frontage and continuous support.


Amritsar FACT SHEET
Amritsar is one of the foremost names throughout the history of the Indian freedom struggle and hosts the most sacred of the Sikh religious sites–The Golden Temple. With modernization and a growing population, Amritsar has restructured her marketplaces and tourist spots.

Amritsar is also emerging as a retail realty sector hotspot. Local businesses that are looking for more exposure will benefit from the organised retail realty sector, which will provide them with an organised space, bolstered by all the modern amenities, to conduct their business with convenience and ease. With the economy opening up post-pandemic, the growth will spur real estate prices in the city.


People looking to settle in the city will also find Amritsar replete with history and heritage. Blessed by some excellent touring spots, the city will keep you engaged and fulfilled. The town has the best schools and hospitals to ease you into a comfortable life here. The aspirational people of Amritsar are looking to settle in modern townships, which abound in all the modern amenities and conveniences.

 
ABOUT AMRITSAR TOWNSHIP
Omaxe is a name that resonates among the significant commercial developers in Amritsar. Omaxe Value Mall and Omaxe Novelty mall are entertainment cum retail malls constructed with high-value buyers in mind. The property has built a diverse portfolio providing vast investment opportunities in the city’s Real Estate Market.

Novelty Mall and Value mall are magnificent properties for commercial businesses. They stand up for their unique and state-of-the-art architectural designs. All the floors are well-planned to suit any business activity and come with all the essential amenities to run the business safely. The design and strategic location make this the best premises to run any business. 

Inspired by the unmatched success of commercial projects across Punjab and North India, Omaxe has redefined the concept of shopping malls. Amritsar, the retail and commercial sector, is largely in the structure of high street retail markets, well-planned malls and industrial houses.



OMAXE VALUE MALL
Location: Omaxe Value Mall, Raja Sansi Road, opposite Hotel Radisson Blu, Heir, Amritsar, Punjab, India Project Type: Multiplex, Retail Shops & Food Court Project Status: Operational RERA Regd. No:
COMMERCIAL PROPERTY

OVERVIEW
Omaxe Value Mall, a landmark between Amritsar city and Amritsar airport, is a one-stop shopping and entertainment destination. Exquisitely crafted with the superlative standards of engineering and architecture, the mall epitomizes an incredible infrastructure. Spread across 3.48 lac square fit of area, this high-tech mall is home to several renowned foreign brands and food chains. Carrying a sophisticated elegance, it gives you a sense of international class packed with ultimate delight and fun. Like any modern mall, it comprises of the multi-cuisine food court, advanced centralised air conditioning, escalators, glass lifts, etc., to make the visitors experience the next level of comfort and leisure.

Adding to the perks, the mall comprises of a swanky hotel and 4 screen multiplex. It also has a fully-equipped business centre with the facility of up-to-the-minute digitized information on arrivals and departures, all displayed on giant screens. Huge parking space has been designed to cater to the influx of people, including shop owners. The entire parking space is monitored by a high-tech security system.

There is an upcoming project by the reputed Snow World, to construct a massive amusement park in the region, which will give a further boost to the tourism and ensure more footfall of the customers to the mall.

So, if you are planning to buy commercial space in Amritsar, Omaxe Value Mall is the right choice for you.


LOCATION BENEFITS & TOP REASONS TO INVEST
Perks of Location
Golden Temple: 12 KM Airport: 1 Km Railway Station: 8 KM Bus Stand: 9 KM Omaxe Novelty Mall: 7 KM






OMAXE NOVELTY MALL
Location: Novelty Chowk, Amritsar Project Type: Shopping Complex Project Status: Operational RERA Regd. No:
COMMERCIAL PROPERTY

OVERVIEW
The group has launched its much awaited mall project in Amritsar, Omaxe Novelty Mall –Amritsar.The commercial project is situated at Novelty Chowk, Amritsar, covering an area of around 1.25 lakh square feet. Omaxe Novelty Mall is the perfect option for all the shoppers out there. The market shopping destination is well known to take care of the shopping needs of the people.

The stylish exterior and interiors have an international persona to them. The impeccably thought out spaces for entertainment and shops are an example of the rich designing. The air conditioned mall has a four screen multiplex, food court, multi cuisine restaurants and also a play area cum hangout arena for the children of all ages. Customers will definitely be attracted towards the brands the mall will possess in the near future. The freehold complex has a high tech security system along with a fire protection system. The uninterrupted power supply with ample space for parking are among the key highlights of Omaxe Mall Amritsar. 

The project is the prime commercial property in Amritsar right now and is fast developing with the latest infrastructure. The location of the mall is one of the important features of the project as it lies in the heart of the city of Amritsar with other places in its close proximity.

There are shops, units and spaces of various sizes available in the mall at very affordable and competitive prices. The spaces can be turned from a top notch brand showroom to a restaurant and even into a spa salon. The mall is well connected with different modes of transportation and lies in proximity to the bus stand of Amritsar. The Omaxe Mall has nearly 6 floors with great exteriors that take the look of the building to a whole new level. Various waterworks are all installed both inside as well as outside the mall to please the crowd even more.

LOCATION BENEFITS & TOP REASONS TO INVEST
Location Benefits
Golden Temple: 2.9 kms Randhawa Hospital: 1.1kms DAV School: 0.4 kms Bus Stand: 2.3 kms





atiala FACT SHEET
Patiala is a southeastern city of Punjab and is famous for its Patiala Shahi Turban and Patiala Peg. The town has grown around Patiala fort which was constructed by Ala Singh, the eponym of Patiala. The city is not only known for its royal architecture like Moti Bagh Palace, and Gurudwara Dukh Niwaran Sahib but also for its educational institutions, which makes it a great place to settle down.

The town is also a great investment option, as the economic upturn after the pandemic will coincide with the forward-looking view of the government. With more people coming into town, there will be an increase in demand for real estate, both commercial and residential. People, nowadays are also looking for exclusivity and uniqueness in the homes that they live in, but want it still accompanied by the conveniences of a township. Customised plots fulfil this niche market efficiently where people can buy plots according to their requirements and design their own dream homes while being ensconced in all the amenities and security that a township offers.

Omaxe has a developed Patiala Township, which is a modern marvel in the city that boasts a rich heritage. Built-in partnership with Patiala Development Authority, the township is a feather in the crown of Brand Omaxe, which has now spread its wings in 28 cities across 8 states. 

ABOUT PATIALA TOWNSHIP
Omaxe in collaboration with Patiala Development Authority is developing an integrated hi-tech city which is an engineering and architectural phenomenon. The township consists of plots, villas, apartments, commercial spaces and institutional areas. 

The Township also boasts an IT-Biotech Park which heralds a new era for the forward-looking and technologically adept Patiala city. Located strategically on Sirhind Road, the township successfully blends great connectivity, a modern lifestyle and a peaceful environment on the outskirts. 

The township has variegated and modern lifestyle amenities like a swimming pool, sauna, steam, Jacuzzi, games, sports, banquet hall, gym and health club mixed with traditional conveniences like local shopping complexes, hospitals and grocery stores. 

Apart from the township, Omaxe has also delivered a state-of-the-art SRS mall at Mal Road. The mall offers international brands, fine dining, movie-plex, and much more for the towners. 

FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS
Why Should You Choose Patiala To Settle Down? 
Patiala is a city with a rich history and‌ is famous for its forts. It also has a state-of-the-art sports academy. It doesn't have the hustle and bustle of a metropolitan town but has all the modern amenities and conveniences.

Why Should You Choose Omaxe Patiala Township? 
Omaxe Patiala Township built in association with Patiala Development Authority is a futuristic township with ample greenery and is well equipped with all the modern amenities for you to lead a life of convenience

What Is The Property Rate In Patiala? 
The average property rate in Patiala is Rs3589/sq.ft.

What Is The Product Portfolio Of Omaxe Patiala Township? 
Omaxe Patiala township consists of plots, villas, commercial spaces and residential complexes

What Is The USP Of Patiala Township? 
The Patiala Township, in association with Patiala Development Authority, is providing developed plots which are customisable according to the needs of the customers so that they can create and live in their dream homes.



OMAXE MALL
Location: Mall Road, Opp Kali Devi Temple, Patiala Project Type: Multiplex, Retail & Food Court Project Status: Delivered RERA Regd. No:
COMMERCIAL PROPERTY

OVERVIEW
Spread over a staggering 3.55 lakh square feet with 2.3 lakh square feet of operational space, the addition of 1.25 lakh square feet will bring along more facilities and features and add to the beauty, viability and desirability of Omaxe Mall Patiala. Immaculately designed with spacious retail spaces, Omaxe Mall, Patiala has changed the shopping and entertainment experience for the residents of Patiala and adjoining districts. The only and largest operational Mall in the city, Omaxe Mall is the pride of Patiala.

The presence of over hundred showrooms which includes top national and international brands like easyday Hypermarket, McDonald's, Nike, Reliance Trends, SRS Cinema to name a few, 4 screen multiplex, kids zone, food court, speciality restaurant and facilities like centrally air conditioning, 100% power back-up, 3-tier security, underground parking etc makes Omaxe Mall a perfect shopping and entertainment landmark. The coming up of more retail space, club area with gymnasium, swimming pool, sauna, steam and Jacuzzi bath, expansion of entertainment and food area, and more importantly Patialas first office space with all modern infrastructure for business needs.

Situated in the heart of city on the Mall Road, Opposite Kali Devi Temple and surrounded by a thriving neighbourhood, Omaxe Mall, Patiala is destined to usher in a new future into Patiala. It is a consumers must stopover destination, an answer to their luxury, leisure and pleasure and a retailers delight.

Omaxe Mall is closely associated with Regular Blood Donation Camps

LOCATION BENEFITS & TOP REASONS TO INVEST
Perks of Location
Temple Bank Gurudwara Sahib Ji Hospital








Greater Noida FACT SHEET
Greater Noida is a part of Delhi NCR and is a modern city which is an example of farsighted town planning with efficient and high-quality services and amenities. The metro town, which was developed as an extension of Noida, has made a name of its own. 

The town is becoming home to top MNCs and is a select real estate destination for new home buyers. With the economy unshackling post-pandemic there has been a general rise in real estate demand in the Delhi NCR region and Greater Noida has also seen a lot of this demand. Through Yamuna Expressway, the city is seamlessly connected with the Braj Region of Mathura and Vrindavan. With an international airport which is soon going to be functional, the town will see an increased influx of international as well as domestic tourists, which will boost the economy of the city further.

Omaxe has built a township in Greater Noida, well equipped with all the amenities which will satisfy the aspirations of people looking to settle down in the city or to invest in it.


ABOUT GREATER NOIDA TOWNSHIP
Omaxe Greater Noida has a portfolio comprising 5 commercial projects and 3 residential projects. The commercial projects are laden with the best services for shoppers and shop owners alike. The Residential projects are the paragon of efficient town planning and have changed the beauty of the landscape for the better. 
The residential properties are available at attractive prices, with a future appreciation of the property because of the connectivity the town enjoys with Delhi and Agra. Though the town is transforming into a prime commercial hub, it still retains a calmness and serenity of its own which will appeal to new home buyers. 
The commercial segment at Omaxe Greater Noida is also developing as a premium shopping destination in its own right. The commercial centre includes retail shops, office spaces, hotel suites, multiplexes, and entertainment zones to serve all your needs. 
With efficient connectivity to Delhi and Agra, the town has become an economic hub, but still maintains a calm and serenity of its own.

The township has been created using the best engineering practices and is an architectural marvel and a feather in the cap of Brand Omaxe, which has now spread its wings in 28 cities across



FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS

Why Should You Choose To Settle Down In Greater Noida? 
Greater Noida is a burgeoning town still nestled in peace and tranquillity. It is an upcoming hub for MNCs with great connectivity options to other regions of Delhi NCR.

Why Should You Choose Omaxe Greater Noida Township? 
Omaxe Greater Noida Township is the new address for the elite, a state-of-the-art facility that aims to deliver dream homes and modern shopping destinations that are to vie for.

What Is The Product Portfolio Of Omaxe Greater Noida Township? 
The Greater Noida Township comprises residential 2BHK,3BHK, and 3BHK+ Servant rooms and prime commercial spaces like OCP Mall, Omaxe Palm Court and Omaxe Arcade. 

What Are The Amenities Available At Omaxe Greater Noida Township? 
Omaxe Noida township has a lot of green areas so that you can wind down in nature. It has a gated community, hi-tech security, a modern clubhouse, a gym, open play area for kids to list a select few.





INDIA TRADE CENTER
Location: Alpha-II, Greater Noida Project Type: Retail, Office & Serviced Apartments Project Status: Under Construction RERA Regd. No: UPRERAPRJ6205
COMMERCIAL PROPERTY
price:40 LAKH -  1.18 CRORE




INDIA TRADE CENTER
Location: Alpha-II, Greater Noida Project Type: Retail, Office & Serviced Apartments Project Status: Under Construction RERA Regd. No: UPRERAPRJ6205
COMMERCIAL PROPERTY
 40 LAKH -  1.18 CRORE
ENQUIRE NOW
Home Properties in Greater Noida India Trade Center


OVERVIEW
Omaxe India Trade Centre is a project in Greater Noida that defines trends and creates benchmarks. A state-of-the-art commercial center with retail shops, office spaces and hotel suites cater to the growing population of the surrounding area. India Trade Centre will emerge as a one stop destination due to the advantage of location and the most-happening infrastructure. Good connectivity to Delhi and Agra, International F1 track, educational and hospitality centres make it a physical and social infrastructure.
There are approximately 20 floors in the tower of Omaxe India Trade Center Greater Noida and each floor has roughly over 1000 units that can be converted to offices or shops or commercial offices. The project covers an estimate area of 3 acres that includes the main tower, multi-level parking lots, landscape gardens and many such facilities. The project comes at an affordable price with all the modern amenities that are essential to run any kind of business or offices.
Moreover, it also has space for the residence of the offices that prefer to stay close to the office. The building is fitted with commercial elevators and firefighting systems are also installed at every floor. In order to promote healthy lifestyle, the Omaxe ITC also has a gymnasium, a recreational centre, tennis lawn and a swimming pool. The commercial property in Greater Noida also has a provision for conference room so that important board meetings can be conducted without any hindrance. For the visitors and the staff members there is a top-notch restaurant and a shopping centre within the Omaxe ITC premises. The whole complex is a gated one that provides a more safe and secure environment to work in. The trade centre lies in proximity to public transport stations as well as the Expressway. The Omaxe ITC in Greater Noida serves a dual purpose as a trade centre as well as a commercial property area



Perks Of Location
Shri Krishna Lifeline Hospital: 4.3 km Metro Station (Aqua Line): 1.8 km Shaheed Vijay Singh Pathik Sports Complex: 1.1 km The Grand Venice Mall: 4.3 km




OMAXE PALM COURT
Location: Sector MU,Greater Noida Project Type: Commercial Space Project Status: Delivered RERA Regd. No: UP02100321
COMMERCIAL PROPERTY
 price: 1 LAKH -  1 CRORE


OVERVIEW
Omaxe Properties is proud to present yet another commercial landmark project Omaxe Palm Court in the heart of the fastest growing residential area in Greater Noida. Omaxe Palm Court provides a wide range of commercial space in Greater Noida for businesses of every scale. With the most elegant infrastructure which ensures all your business needs are catered to. The group promises to give the same level of perfection and expertise in this undertaking too. Apart from the development in the nearby areas and a huge green space makes it more worthy of investing.

The "Omaxe Palm Court" will cater to the growing needs of a large section of the population residing in this part of the city, giving them a unique and much needed commercial office space in Greater Noida, Positioned in one of the primary and most accessible commercial areas, it would surely be a useful and satisfying experience for the visitors. The project has Ample Power with Back up, Advance fire-fighting system, centralized AC unit for common areas. The Project is situated at an exclusive location where you get the best attractive amalgamation of tradition and modernity perfectly complementing each other.

The project is well connected to Delhi and Noida through the Expressway makes Palm Court in Palm Greens. Greater Noida Commercial Office Space ‘The Omaxe Palm Court’ has a wide area of over 23 acres, a highly attractive address. Facilities like an international class club with steam sauna, Jacuzzi, Squash Court, Billiards Room, Cafeteria, Yoga Room Facilities, Swimming pools, Musical fountain, Multipurpose Court, children’s park are added attractions


LOCATION BENEFITS & TOP REASONS TO INVEST
Perks of Location
Omicron III: 2 km MU II: 2 km Sector-34: 3 km Pari Chowk: 6.9 Km Jaypee Golf Course: 5.8 Km Yamuna Expressway, Connecting Greater Noida with Agra: 9.3 Km





OMAXE ARCADE
Location: Near Pari Chowk, Greater Noida Project Type: Commercial Complex Project Status: Operational RERA Regd. No:
COMMERCIAL PROPERTY
 price:1 LAKH -  1 CRORE

OVERVIEW
Omaxe Arcade is the free-hold shopping arcade in Greater Noida where brilliance speaks for itself. A premium commercial property in Greater Noida, in the heart of Pari Chowk with ultra-modern and well-designed, spread over 55,000 sq. ft. and featuring an elegant and contemporary facade to match with the upcoming superlative infrastructure in this area connecting Noida and Yamuna Expressway, the Omaxe Arcade provides for huge business and investment opportunities.

The Omaxe Arcade features of dedicated office spaces, with state-of-the-art work areas. A flexible design area to allow for modification as per the requirement of the companies, Omaxe Arcade enhances ease of operation and is the address of choice for global organizations who are seeking to buy Commercial property in Greater Noida. It is beautifully laid-out with wide roads and avenues. Omaxe Arcade, Greater Noida, is the culmination of a relentless effort towards excellence with efficient water supply, uninterrupted private power supply, an underground drainage system and above all an Eco-friendly environment. At Greater Noida, Omaxe Arcade provides a unique with the excellent architectural skills of the builder. It is also designed with individual service cores to provide the flexibility of functioning as a single or a multi-tenanted space.

Omaxe Arcade is a perfect choice to buy commercial property in Greater Noida who is an expert with several years of experience. Our top priority is the client satisfaction and of course, most of the client’s trust Omaxe with over many commercial properties, providing our property site and commercial property brand the most extensive inventory of commercial properties in Greater Noida


LOCATION BENEFITS & TOP REASONS TO INVEST
Location Benefits
Steller Children’s Museum: 0.2 km INOX Cinema: 3.2 km Water park: 2.6 km



NRI CITY CENTER
Location: Near Pari Chowk, Greater Noida Project Type: Multiplex, Retail Shops, Food Court & Fun Zone Project Status: Operational RERA Regd. No:
COMMERCIAL PROPERTY



OVERVIEW
Omaxe NRI City is an integrated mini-township in Greater Noida, Sector Omega-II. It is based on the theme of a little Singapore in India. This internationally designed township is spread over 85 acres and comprises individual plots, villas, multi-storied apartments, penthouses. You can buy residential plots in Greater Noida as they are in unsoiled pollution-free environment with trouble-free connectivity to the national capital via the expressway.

NRI City by Omaxe has a shopping mall, a commercial centre, schools, and hospital, everything within the same township that compels the client to buy luxury apartments in greater Noida. The middle class families can easily invest in plots in Greater Noida because of the world class infrastructure the place has to offer. Omaxe NRI City has been thoughtfully perceived to give purchasers a world-class ambience and top-of-the-line-benefits. The project is well connected by various approaches of transportation. The location is in close proximity to diverse civic utilities.

 There are some unique amenities that NRI City has to offer. First of all, it has a coffee lounge and a number of top notch restaurants where you can spend some quality time with your loved ones. Secondly, the cycling and jogging tracks are also there for the ones who are fitness freaks and want to stay healthy. The Club house will provide ample opportunities for you to get together and create a social circle with your neighbors.

The construction material used in the Omaxe projects is all branded and of the finest quality. The materials are passed through various quality assurance tests before being used for construction. The size of the apartments varies within the range of 950 sq. ft. to 3,500 sq. ft. Developers have ensured that different needs of the residents are met at affordable rates. 

To keep the kids busy at all times, Omaxe NRI cities offers indoor as well as outdoor play zone for kids with facilities like lockers, netted grounds and more.


LOCATION BENEFITS & TOP REASONS TO INVEST
Location Benefits
Sharda University: 5 Kms Birla Institute of Management Technology: 5 Kms Yatharth Wellness: 2 Kms KR Mangalam World School: 3 Kms






OMAXE CONNAUGHT PLACE
Location: Omaxe Connaught Place, Greater Noida Project Type: Multiplex, Retail Shops, Office Space, Food Court, Fun Zone & Theme Park Project Status: Operational RERA Regd. No:
COMMERCIAL PROPERTY
 price: 15 LAKH ONWARDS*





OVERVIEW

OMAXE CONNAUGHT PLACE
Location: Omaxe Connaught Place, Greater Noida Project Type: Multiplex, Retail Shops, Office Space, Food Court, Fun Zone & Theme Park Project Status: Operational RERA Regd. No:
COMMERCIAL PROPERTY
 15 LAKH ONWARDS*



Omaxe Connaught Place

OVERVIEW
Omaxe Connaught Place Mall rebuilds the Connaught Place of Delhi and is the most iconic commercial and entertainment centre in North India. Being one of the largest shopping cum entertainment malls, it has some top class facilities. Some of them include a 5 screen multiplex, food court, shopping zone and a family entertainment zone. Omaxe Mall Greater Noida is situated in Beta 2 Gr Noida, Greater Noida and spread over an area of approximately 15 lakh square feet.

Many top brands have now signed up to operate their office at Omaxe Connaught Place Greater Noida because of its location. The project puts forward commercial shops and office space at very competitive and reasonable prices. It is well connected by distinctive modes of transportation and is near to various civic utilities. Yamuna Expressway is connected to this project via short drive of just 20 minutes. The infrastructure holds a great place when it comes to Omaxe Connaught Place as most of the important landmarks are in close vicinity of the project.

Commercial property in Greater Noida has been designed to offer the finest in retail experience. The layout and design of the mall is extremely well-thought out to create a vibrant culture. The multi-storeyed towers enveloped in landscaped greens create an ideal ambience for quiet efficiency and productivity.Hassle-free and smooth connectivity to most of the places including upcoming International Airport is the noteworthy feature of Omaxe Connaught Place located in Beta 2, Greater Noida. Beta 2 is an assuring residential sector bounded by a number of urbanized localities. It is strategically urban with customary infrastructure and has better connectivity with other parts of the city.

Some of the renowned landmarks at a stone throw distance from Omaxe Connaught Place include the famous schools, hospitals, shopping malls and all other facilities. Don't fail to spot this opportunity of owning a breathtaking abode in Omaxe Connaught Place and make the correct choice.

LOCATION BENEFITS & TOP REASONS TO INVEST
Perks of Location
Knowledge Park: 1.6 KM Reserve Forest: 2.7 KM LG Electronics: 2.0 KM







Gurugram FACT SHEET
Gurugram is the new technological and financial hub of the country and is home to many fortune 500 companies and startups. The city is connected to New Delhi by National Highway 8. The city has seen massive growth in recent years, which has led to an enormous demand for real estate.

With many job opportunities in the city, it is becoming a top residential destination for the young, ambitious people of the current generation. With this buzzing populace, Gurugram has become a reverberating, lively place, and a top destination to settle in North India. 

Omaxe Township in Gurugram is an engineering feat that aims to offer the best-in-class services to its residents and is a feather in the cap of Brand Omaxe, which has now spread its wings in 28 cities across 8 states. 


Gurugram

Omaxe Gurugram comprises 6 residential and 3 commercial projects which are top-of-the-line in class and comfort. The infrastructure is modern and built keeping in mind the needs of today's businesses and residences. The amenities and facilities are top-notch and future-proof. 
The residential properties have already been delivered and comprise villas, independent floors and apartments. All the properties have sophisticated security, 24-hr power backup, lifts, etc. The properties have been meticulously designed to offer the best convenience and care in residential properties.  


FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS
Why You Should Settle In Gurugram? 
Gurugram is the new address for the upcoming elite; home for top MNCs; and the contemporary technological and financial hub.

Why You Should Choose Omaxe Gurugram? 
Omaxe Gurugram Township is a swanky, well-equipped township at a prime location with all the modern amenities to make your life convenient. It is carefully planned to include pristine greenery in and around the campus. 

What Is The Product Portfolio Of Omaxe Gurugram Township? 
The Omaxe Gurugram Township comprises residential properties in various configurations and a contemporary Omaxe Gurugram Mall, which is an elite shopping destination. 

What Are The Features Of Omaxe Gurugram Township?    
The Gurugram township has top-of-the-line 24 hrs security, a gated community, ample parking space and a play area for kids.  

What Is The Connectivity Option For Gurugram Township? 
The township enjoys great connectivity to the Delhi NCR area through roads and metro lines. 








OMAXE CELEBRATIONS MALL
Location: Omaxe Celebration Mall, Central Park II, Sector 48, Gurugram, Haryana, India Project Type: Multiplex, Retail & Food Court Project Status: Delivered RERA Regd. No:
COMMERCIAL PROPERTY


In the air-conditioned and highly uber environs of the Mall lies all necessity and luxury; making shopping delight for mall visitors and shopaholics. Omaxe Celebrations Mall is the new advent of commercialisation, spread over a staggering 1,55,000 sq. ft. and most strategically located on the Gurgaon-Sohna Road. Multiplex and banquet hall along with retail stores make for repeated visits here and with the blend of retails and entertainment, the project is an attraction in itself.

Omaxe Celebrations Mall cater to this huge habitation that has emerged in the city over the years. The project fits perfectly into your shopping plans and acts as a landing place for the fun outdoors.

LOCATION BENEFITS & TOP REASONS TO INVEST
Perks of Location
Golf Course Extension: 1 KM Lotus Valley School: 5 KM Medanta -The Medicity: 5 KM








OMAXE GURGAON MALL
Location: OMAXE GURGAON MALL, Sohna - Gurgaon Road, Block S, Uppal Southend, Sector 49, Gurugram, Haryana, India Project Type: Multiplex, Retail Shops & Food Court Project Status: Operational RERA Regd. No:
COMMERCIAL PROPERTY


A uniquely designed architecture that surpasses the top standards of commercialisation – Omaxe Gurgaon Mall is an attraction in itself. Spread over a staggering 2,65,000 sq. ft., this mall is a one-stop solution for all your needs. With the rise of Sohna Road as a lucrative destination for mid-to-high-end living, the project is a fruitful addition. The interiors epitomize the next generation of infrastructure and a series of spacious shops and showrooms are lined up to welcome all major branded outlets. One of the first Malls on Sohna Road, the Omaxe Gurgaon Mall has a multiplex, capsule lift and other eating joints.

Strategically placed to cater to this huge habitation that has emerged over the years, this project fits perfectly into your shopping plans and acts as a resting place for the fun outdoors.




OMAXE CITY CENTRE
Location: OMAXE CITY CENTRE, Sohna - Gurgaon Road, Block S, Uppal Southend, Sector 49, Gurugram, Haryana, India Project Type: Commercial Space Project Status: Delivered RERA Regd. No:
COMMERCIAL PROPERTY


Designed by Studio KIA of USA & Dubai, Omaxe City Centre is a uniquely designed architecture that surpasses the top standards of commercialisation. Centrally located on Sohna Road with vast frontage, Omaxe City Centre is visited by a large section of people owing to the presence of hypermarket, retail outlets, bank and eating joints.
An attraction in itself, the project is spread over a staggering 1,50,000 sq. ft. which makes it a one-stop solution for premium shopping and investment.
The project has been crafted with acute precision, and the interiors epitomize luxury and advancement of technology. Spacious shops and showrooms lined up with major firms make it an enjoyable and fun place to hang-out.

New Chandigarh

BEACON STREET
Location: Omaxe New Chandigarh Project Type: Multiplex, Serviced Suites, Shops, Food Court, Club & Virtual Gaming Zone Project Status: Under Construction RERA Regd. No: PBRERA-SAS80-PC0096, pricing- 68 LAKH -  8 CRORE
OVERVIEW
Spread across 7.69 acres of land, Omaxe Beacon Street presents a wonderful investment opportunity in commercial space in New Chandigarh. Laced with all contemporary amenities the next-generation commercial space can accommodate multifaceted business ventures like shopping malls, service suits, shops of varying sizes, food courts, clubs, pubs, virtual gaming zone, and more.

Whether you are a manufacturer, investor, trader, or a big brand, your search for exclusive commercial space in New Chandigarh would end with Omaxe Beacon Street. Located at Beacon Street, easily one of the most bustling areas in New Chandigarh, the commercial venture would integrate work with leisure and would usher in a new era of work culture and futuristic office spaces at the core of New Chandigarh.

The place would be a heaven for shopping enthusiasts and would offer a world-class shopping experience to shopping enthusiasts across genders, age groups, and with varied activity preferences. Be it daytime indulgence or night pursuits Omaxe Beacon Street will give you just the place to let your hair down and binge.

Surrounded by premium residential developments, colleges, schools, banks, ATMs, hospitals, and lush green parks, the elegant commercial project promises a wonderful option to all those who want to kick-start their venture or take it to the next level.

Location Benefits
Situated amidst most prominent integrated township the New Chandigarh Proximate to upcoming Educity. Few minutes' away from Sukhna lake, one of the most alluring site for the tourists. Medicity - Just Opposite to Beacon Street ISBT/Metro corridors just adjoining to Beacon Street Narsee Monjee 6 km far from Beacon Street

CLOCKTON HIGH STREET
Location: Omaxe New Chandigarh Project Type: Shopping Complex & Office Spaces Project Status: Delivered RERA Regd. No: PBRERA-SAS80-PC0005, pricing- 86 LAKH -  2.51 CRORE

OVERVIEW
Spread across 9.18 acres of land and set in one of the most popular up-and-coming locations at Beacon Street in New Chandigarh, Clockton High Street plays host to a range of business ventures like shopping malls, serviced suits, shops, and studios of diverse sizes.

Strategically located, the business complex serves as a perfect destination for the top brands to get noticed. The place is centre for business activities during the day and springs into a hot and happening hangout zone at night!

Surrounded by well-developed social amenities like banks, hospitals, and several other public places and hassle-free access to the city, Clockton High Street is just the venue you need to set up a store or office. The property is laced with state-of-the-art facilities and conveniences like lifts, escalators, power backup, and everything that might be required in a modern commercial business complex.

Omaxe, in the form of Clockton High Street, has come up with a great investment opportunity for business owners and investors. New Chandigarh, an extension of the city is still in the early phase of development and promises enormous prospects of growth. This offers a wonderful opportunity for investment at affordable prices and to reap the benefits of high ROI in times to come. An opportunity that you would simply not like to miss!

Perks Of Location
Public park 6: 1 KM Palheri Public Park: 4.5 KM Axis Bank: 4 KM Public Park: 5 KM

INDIA TRADE TOWER
Location: Omaxe New Chandigarh Project Type: Commercial Complex & Office Spaces Project Status: Delivered RERA Regd. No: PBRERA-SAS80-PC0007
COMMERCIAL PROPERTY, pricing-  30 LAKH -  2.16 CRORE.

OVERVIEW
India Trade Tower by Omaxe could be the perfect place for setting up your business and office. India Trade Tower is a prime commercial space in Chandigarh. This property is a thoughtfully designed space to provide an ideal working environment along with amenities for leisure and relaxation. The structure has been built using reinforced concrete to offer high safety standards to the G+19 floor structure. This business complex is elegantly designed with astonishing art pieces decorating the structure. It stretches over an area of 2.45 lakh square feet and can accommodate a large number of offices and shops. This trade tower is also one of the tallest buildings in the state of Punjab. This marvel of architectural excellence is situated in New Chandigarh—the economic hub of Punjab.

Therefore, the location offers a great opportunity for the growth of businesses and retail outlets like shops, restaurants, and super-marts, due to the existing and upcoming residential areas nearby. Space and the locale are growing at a fast pace in the area, making the current prices and the return on investment a lucrative proposition. The building itself will serve as an alluring business space , over and above the return on investment that the location may offer. This commercial space in Chandigarh also boasts of being a green building due to various environment-friendly features it possesses.

The building has been designed to provide ample natural lighting and efficient temperature control indoors, leading to a lower carbon footprint and power consumption. The design has been incorporated in a manner that it prevents wastage of all the essential resources like energy, water, material, etc. The health village and different clubs surrounding the building serve as the cherry on the cake for the owners of commercial office spaces in India Trade Tower, Chandigarh. Wide roads running adjacent to the building are further proof that at India Trade Tower your business will be a seamless experience!


INTERNATIONAL TRADE TOWER
Location: Omaxe New Chandigarh Project Type: Commercial Complex Project Status: Under Construction RERA Regd. No: PBRERA-SAS80-PC0006. pricing- 45 LAKH -  1.5 CRORE
OVERVIEW
Set in a project spread across a whopping 1000+ acres of land in New Chandigarh, the International Trade Tower is based on 50 acres of commercial and entertainment space and is spread over 3.5 acres of land. Another mindboggling skyscraper from Omaxe stable, it includes shopping malls, shops, studios, and service suits of different sizes.

Surrounded by lush greenery the business park will transform the way workspace is perceived in Chandigarh. The workforce in the city would now be able to work from spacious air-conditioned offices with ample parking spaces powered by 24 hr. internet connectivity.

A largely pollution-free site nestled near the Shivalik Hills with hassle-free connectivity to the exceptional cultural, recreational, and medical infrastructure of Chandigarh and proximity to Baddi-Barotiwala and Nalagarh, a prominent industrial town and centre of foremost pharmaceutical companies, International trade tower is set on 200 feet Madhya Marg Extn. road and can easily be reached via the Chandigarh border. The PGI and Punjab University are also close to the International Trade Tower as are Medicity (Tata memorial, Alchemist), the upcoming metro station, film city, education city, and botanical garden.

Innovative ventilation would ensure that there would be no dearth of fresh air and natural light inside the tower. Designed to be ranked amongst the top business centres in the city, International Trade Tower would be powered by a contemporary outlook and features like huge atrium and swimming pool. Strategically located, the project is very well connected to the rest of the city which makes traveling to the commercial unit easy and hassle-free.

Laced with all the modern features, the International Trade Tower is bound to help the MNCs smoothen their operations in the city. Quite a few of them have opened their front-end and back offices in Chandigarh but lack the infrastructural support. The International Trade Tower will fill this void and help the global giants take their venture to new heights. 
Location Benefits: Shopping Mall & Multiplex: 1 KM Bus Stop: 0.5 KM Hospital (BCH): 3 KM Garibdass: 3 KM


HOLIDAY INN
Location: New Chandigarh Project Type: Hotel Suites, Office Space Project Status: Under Construction RERA Regd. No: PBRERA-SAS80-PC0008, pricing- 94.74 LAKH -  1.49 CRORE
OVERVIEW
Spread across an area of 600 million sq. mts, Holiday Inn at New Chandigarh would establish Chandigarh firmly on the map of hospitality. A top-class commercial venture, it would offer you a wonderful opportunity to enjoy 5-star luxury which would be at par with any global 5-star property.

Find all the indulgences like spa, restaurant, luxury suite, swimming pool, etc. right at your doorstep and enjoy a premium lifestyle. Feel the spirit of the holiday and fill your life with fun, frolic, and laughter.

The presence of office space in a 5-star environment will be another great USP of the project. Set up your office in a plush setting and take your venture to new heights. You can also rent out the offices and pocket a neat profit every month.

The strategic location that connects Holiday Inn at New Chandigarh to all corners of the city and important national highways makes it possible to reach the place from just about anywhere in the city with ease. The availability of different modes of transportation further makes it easy and convenient to travel to the area without any inconvenience.

Located at one of the most up-and-coming areas in the city, the commercial venture would integrate work with leisure and would usher in a new era of work culture and futuristic office spaces at the core of New Chandigarh.

Omaxe, a leading developer in the country, is credited with many top real estate landmarks and Holiday Inn at New Chandigarh can be compared with some of the very best constructions in the country that also offers a wonderful investment opportunity in commercial space in Chandigarh.
Location Benefits
Close to Omaxe Global Business Park Mullanpur Next to India trade tower 4.5 kms from Chandigarh 7 kms from PGI and Panjab University Opposite Medicity (Tata memorial, Alchemist, Pgi Opd extension)

Delhi

Location: Pearls Omaxe Tower, Netaji Subhash Place, Wazirpur, Delhi, India
Project Type: Commercial Space Project
Status: Delivered 
RERA Regd. No: UPO85478596, price 50 LAKH -  1 CRORE
OVERVIEW
The Delhi-NCR regions of India are developing at an enormous speed. Every year, several new businesses transpire and look for space to set up their offices. This has eventually resulted in the commercial real-estate sector to witness a massive boom. Presenting Omaxe Pearls, the next generation of commercial complex exquisitely crafted to provide hi-tech workspace for your business. The entire complex has been designed to enhance the efficiency of your work and provide maximum flexibility in terms of amenities. This architectural marvel surpasses all the conventional designs of the commercial space and showcases our futuristic approach towards transforming the commercial-real-estate sector. Each corner of the premises has been built for a specific purpose and ensures the optimum utilization of space. The perfect layout of the offices assists you in seamlessly establishing the work culture of your choice. With the crystal clear glasses, polished wood, gleaming marbles, the premium luxury resonates at every corner of the premises. Strategically located on the Ring Road, Netaji Subhash Place, it comprises of all the world-class amenities to its vicinity. So, if you are planning to buy a commercial space in Delhi, Omaxe Pearls is the right choice for you.

TOP REASONS TO BUY THE PROPERTY
Properties from Omaxe have it all, whether you want a home or return on investment
Commercial Complex, Lavish Offices, Power Backup, Pollution Free Environment, Prime Location, Good Connectivity, Security, Office Space, Retail Shops, Parking


OMAXE SQUARE
Location: Omaxe Square, Mathura Road, Jasola Vihar, New Delhi, Delhi, India 
Project Type: Commercial Space Project 
Status: Under Construction 
RERA Regd. No: NA, Price-  45 LAKH ONWARDS*. 

OVERVIEW
Omaxe Square Located in the heart of South Delhi in Jasola, Omaxe Square is well-Connected to the affluent South Delhi and Faridabad. A complete destination catering to office shoppers, goers and avid Omaxe Square stands out on its own. Spread in around 1.6 lakh sq. ft., this ground plus five level structure offers office space to suit the requirement of MNCs and top brands.

TOP REASONS TO BUY THE PROPERTY
Properties from Omaxe have it all, whether you want a home or return on investment:
Assured Returns @12% PA, Lease Rental @9% PA, Excellent Connectivity, Commercial Complex, Lavish Offices, Water Supply, Power Backup, Car Parking, Prime Location, Office Space. Perks of Location
Connaught Place: 14 KM Nehru Place: 4 KM Noida Sector 18: 8 KM Bikaji Cama Palace: 10 KM. 


OMAXE CHOWK
Location: Chandni Chowk, Delhi 
Project Type: Wholesale, Retail & Food Court Project
Status: Delivered 
RERA Regd. No: DLRERA2019P0005, pricing  60 LAKH ONWARDS*. 

OVERVIEW
Omaxe Chowk at the iconic Chandni Chowk presents you with the best opportunity to kick-start your business or take it to another level. Set in a thriving marketplace that also doubles up as a hangout zone, Omaxe Chowk can be a perfect meeting place for sellers and buyers. A place that would guarantee maximum footfalls and would give the sellers an opportunity to expand and enhance their customer base.   

Located in the heart of Asia's oldest, largest and busiest shopping destination, Omaxe Chowk is spread across 4.5 acres of land with a total built-up area of more than 10 lakh Sq. Ft. and receives approximately a daily footfall of 4 - 6 Lakh including tourists. The area received approx. 40 lakh serious shoppers every month which can give a tremendous boost to your business and up your profit base exponentially. 

The sheer charm and popularity of Chandni Chowk attract the attention of tourists and locals alike who visit the place in droves giving the businesses within the ‘Chowk’ to flourish like never before. No wonder then that even the smallest of stores have made it big owing to a revolutionary innovation by Omaxe that see millions of enthusiastic shoppers visit the place every day. 

Iconic architecture which amalgamates Indian, Mughal & British elements, direct entry from Chandni Chowk metro station, multi-level parking for 2100+ cars & 81 tourist buses, dedicated loading & unloading bays, exclusive, privileged membership cards, business concierge, dedicated space for the rooftop dining experience and grand events, mix of ownership and lease based model offering the best of global and Indian brands are some of the features that make Omaxe Chowk special and give it an edge over other similar commercial ventures. Whether you want to start a business or take it to another level, Omaxe Chowk gives you just the opportunity to grow your business. This is one opportunity no entrepreneur would like to give miss.

TOP REASONS TO BUY THE PROPERTY:
India’s largest Food Capital with seating capacity of 1600+, No large-scale commercial development in the area, Multi-level parking with 2200+ car parks, Asia’s largest wholesale & retail hub, Proposed entry from Chandni Chowk Metro Station, Revisit the History of Chandni Chowk, Special Funtainment Zone for Kids, Contemporary Elevators & Lifts, Modern, Well-Maintained Washrooms, Exclusive F&B Floor, Easy Access Tourist Information Centre, Radio & Mobile Taxies Dedicated Pickup & Drop Lane, Spacious Air Conditioned Lounge, Space for ATM, Banks & Lockers, Loading & Unloading Bay for Retailers within the premises, 3-Tier Security System, 24x7 Fire Safety, Theme Architecture


Ludhiana

ROYAL STREET SECTOR SATARA
Location: Sector - 17, Thakkarwal, Ludhiana Project Type: Booth, Shop, SCOs & Service Studio Project Status: Possession Started RERA Regd. No: PBRERA-LDH45 - PC0003, pricing- 30 LAKH -  1.75 CRORE

Overview
Omaxe Sector Satara, located in Ludhiana, is a commercial development of Omaxe. It offers commercial shops at affordable prices. The project is well equipped with all the amenities to facilitate all business needs.


OMAXE PLAZA
Location: Opposite Park Plaza Hotel, Ferozpur Road, Ludhiana Project Type: Multiplex & Shops Project Status: Operational RERA Regd. No:

OVERVIEW
Omaxe Group has brought forward a new commercial development project called Omaxe Plaza Ludhiana. It is situated opposite the Park Plaza Hotel, Ferozpur Road, Ludhiana. The area of this mall is spread over 1.7 lac sq ft. and is used for the spaces of retail, three-screen multiplex, food court, specialty restaurants, etc. The place also embraces Night Club and Bowling Alley which renders the place a more happening and vibrant environment.

This project is a perfect destination for the shoppers and all those looking for leisure places to get entertained. While the mall holds different shops of national and international brands, it has floors for night clubs and screen multiplex making the mall a major entertainment hotspot of Ludhiana. 

The structure of the mall has been carefully and gracefully designed with all the modern technology. The complex has been constructed on an environment-oriented concept. The place does not restrict itself to the entertainment culture but also provides the surroundings required to enjoy recreational scenery. The open area has been suitably landscaped and also serves as one of the major attractions for the visitors. This G+5 floors mall does not fail to be a hub to a colossal number of people from the different parts of the city assuring you big revenue.

If you are hunting for a shop in Ludhiana, Omaxe Plaza is the ideal choice for you. It is located on the most optimal location with a plethora of facilities available for both the visitors and the owners. Spacious parking facility, open area, 24/ 7 security, 24/ 7 water supply and complete air-conditioning form another set of alluring amenities. Availability of Gymnasium and, lifts and escalators make this complex a choice worth considering for office space in Ludhiana. 
The location and the vitalities provided in and around this commercial project by OmaxeGroup, assure you a flourishing business if you acquire a space in this complex.

LOCATION BENEFITS & TOP REASONS TO INVEST
Have a glance at all the advantages of selecting our township.
Railway station: 1.5km
Bus stand: 1km Sat Guru Pratap Ji Apollo hospital: 5km Feroz Gandhi market: 0km Jalandhar bypass: 5km Mall road: 0km Hotel Park Plaza: 0km

OMAXE ROYAL ARCADE
Location: Pakhowal Road, Ludhiana Project Type: Shops & Multiplex Project Status: Possession Soon RERA Regd. No: PBRERA-LDH45-PC0002

OVERVIEW
Spread across 1,25,000 sq. ft. of land and set in one of the most popular up-and-coming locations at Pakhowal Road in Ludhiana. Omaxe Royal Arcade, a part of the renowned Omaxe Royal Residency, would play host to a range of business ventures like retail, office space, multiplex, kids’ zone, food court, and more of diverse sizes.

Strategically located, the business complex serves as a perfect destination for the top brands to get noticed. The place, a centre for business activities during the day, would spring into a happening hangout zone at night!

Surrounded by well-developed social amenities like banks, hospitals, and several other public places and hassle-free access to the city, Omaxe Royal Arcade is just the venue you need to set up a store or office. The property is laced with state-of-the-art facilities and conveniences like multiplex, lifts, escalators, power backup, and everything that might be required in a modern commercial business complex.

Air-conditioned C-type architecture for maximum visibility, low-cost maintenance, kids’ zone, and recreational facility are some of the USPs that add exclusivity to Omaxe Royal Arcade and make it perfect for all those who want to start their business or take it to the next level.

Omaxe, in the form of Royal Arcade, has come up with a great investment opportunity for business owners and investors. Ludhiana is witnessing a real estate boom and promises enormous prospects of growth. This creates a wonderful opportunity for investment at affordable prices and to reap the benefits of high ROI in times to come. This is one opportunity you certainly would simply not like to miss!
Perks of Location
Hospital: 2.74 KM School: 2.69 KM

Faridabad

OMAXE HI FUN Faridabad COMMERCIAL PROPERTY
Location: World Street, Sector 79, Faridabad, Haryana 121004 Project Type: 10 screen multiplex, Gaming Zone, Food court, Showroom kiosk & Hypermarket Project Status: Sold Out RERA Regd. No: 111 of 2017
COMMERCIAL PROPERTY
OVERVIEW
Omaxe Faridabad introduces its new commercial venture, Hi! Fun. The commercial development will be a place for food, fun, shopping, and entertainment with the size of the shops ranging from 235 sq ft onwards. It covers beautiful acres of land and the superior architecture will leave you stunned. The shops have been crafted to perfection where one can easily magnify their own brand image. Hi! Fun at World Street will comprise one of the biggest and the largest multiplex screens, games zone, food court, and hypermarket.

The development offers world-class commercial units which are well spaced with a lot of external amenities. From play zone for kids to beautiful walkways, statues, street-lights, fountains and more, this one is truly inspired by the international zones in London, Paris and other famous cities. It is a world where the fun will never stop, and neither will the high yielding returns.

The project is suitably connected by different means of transportation nearby. It is made in such a way so as to provide a comfortable living off your lifestyle. Kindly call us for details if you are planning to buy commercial property in Faridabad. Its proximity to a number of hospitals, restaurants, banks, parks, schools and petrol pumps makes this place sought after. It is the new weekend destination for families and loved ones.

Hi! Fun is blessed with nature-friendly lifestyle ensuring complete comfort, peace, and delight. The expansive landscape around adds glitter to the glory of Hi! Fun. The project also offers you to buy commercial space in Faridabad at a rational cost. If you are looking for the best commercial property with high returns, then Omaxe is a perfect choice of preference. Omaxe Properties provide 100% customer satisfaction with pollution free environment near your commercial space and uninterrupted water supply. The excellent infrastructure and connectivity with roads make it the best place to invest. 

TOP REASONS TO BUY THE OMAXE HI FUN Faridabad COMMERCIAL PROPERTY
Properties from Omaxe have it all, whether you want a home or return on investment
Excellent Connectivity
Super Market
Restaurant & Cafeteria
Children Play Area
Strategically Designed
Shopping Mall
Commercial Complex
Multiplexes
Play Zone
Earthquake Resistant

Location Benefits of OMAXE HI FUN Faridabad COMMERCIAL PROPERTY
Near Amrita Hospital & Accord Hospital Near School Shiv Nadar/Dps/Shri Ram Millanium Connectivity to Delhi Mumbai Expressway Easy Connectivity to Greater Noida Jewar Airport Nearest Metro Station Bata Chowk Near to Delhi Border

Q1 When Does The Possession Start For Omaxe Hi!Fun?
The project has to be completed in three phases. Possession for Phase-I and Phase-II has already begun, while Phase-III is under construction and possession will start by <<_______>>.
Q2 Do You Have Ready To Move In Shops/Commercial Spaces Available In This Project?
The first two phases are already complete and ready for possession. You may look for shops/ commercial space/ office space in Phase-I and Phase-II of the project. However, if you can wait for a few months you can also book your flat/villa in Phase-III which will be ready for possession in just <___> months.
Q3 What Is The GST Rate Applicable For The Shops/Commercial Space/Offices In This Project?
The applicable GST Rate for commercial space is <___>. However, Omaxe is offering 100% GST benefit available to the company to buyers. Thus, applicable GST rate on your purchase amount will be only <__>%. Contact our project office today to benefit from ongoing promotions and discounts.
Q4 What Are Compensation/Penalty For The Delayed Possession?
The compensation for delayed possession will be payable as per RERA Guidelines. As per RERA, builders are expected to pay an interest equal to what they charge from the customer in case of delayed payments.
Q5 Can I Get Loan From Govt. Banks Like SBI, BOB, PNB Etc. For Financing The Purchase?
Bank loans are available under schemes from DHFL and Tata Capital on similar rates as Govt. Banks. However, you may connect with any preferable bank and financial institution for commercial loan. We are in the process of onboarding SBI for the lending benefits. Other banks who have offered loans on the project include – Bank of Baroda, Allahabad Bank, OBC Bank.


ROYAL STREET Faridabad COMMERCIAL PROPERTY
Location: Sector 79, Faridabad Project Type: Retail Shops Project Status: Sold Out RERA Regd. No: 124 of 2017
COMMERCIAL PROPERTY

OVERVIEW
Omaxe Group is proud to introduce a new commercial project in Faridabad sector 90, Omaxe Royal Street. Omaxe Royal Streets offers all the luxurious amenities to the shop owners along with the basic facilities like water supply and electricity at a pocket-friendly price. Individual spaces are cut out into various dimensions that suit the requirements of the buyers. Both office space and commercial office space are available in the Royal Street Faridabad. 

The commercial space draws the attention of many end-Users and investors, which is precisely why it is expected to fetch a great deal of appreciation in the years to come. The office space is available at various levels of the complex being built there. Some of the spaces offer a pleasant view of the surroundings. The commercial office space is fit to run any kind of business and a hefty amount of footfall is also expected. The location makes it accessible from the prime sectors of Faridabad easy. The visibility increases and thus it has been one of the famous landmarks of the city. At the end of the day, what matters is high returns from the customers. 

The prices of the office space in Faridabad are very genuine for new setup businesses which are looking forward to investing less and yield more cash flow. 100% power backup and round the clock security services are provided for the commercial complex. The infrastructure is solely based on the idea of low maintenance. The registration for the commercial office space in Faridabad has already started. So get your space registered today.

TOP REASONS TO BUY THE PROPERTY
Properties from Omaxe have it all, whether you want a home or return on investment
Excellent Connectivity
Restaurant & Cafeteria
Earthquake Resistant
100% Power Backup
Car Parking
Restaurant
Shopping Centre
Good Connectivity
CCTV Access
Shopping Complex

Location Benefits of ROYAL STREET Faridabad COMMERCIAL PROPERTY
Near Amrita Hospital & Accord Hospital Near School Shiv Nadar/Dps/Shri Ram Millanium Connectivity to Delhi Mumbai Expressway Easy Connectivity to Greater Noida Jewar Airport Nearest Metro Station Bata Chowk Near to Delhi Border

WORLD STREET Faridabad COMMERCIAL PROPERTY
Location: Sector 79, Faridabad Project Type: Mixed Use Land Project Status: Possession Started RERA Regd. No:
COMMERCIAL PROPERTY

OVERVIEW
Omaxe World Street offers a wonderful investment option in commercial space in sector 79, Faridabad. Whether you are a small investor, a trader, a manufacturer, or a big brand, your search for exclusive commercial space in Faridabad ends with the glorious World Street.

Spread across an area of 50 acres of land, the project is proposed to be further extended as well. Economically priced, World Street gives a wonderful opportunity to even new entrepreneurs to start their businesses in a world-class setup. 100% power backup, round-the-clock security services, low-maintenance infrastructure, and availability of basic facilities like water supply and electricity at a pocket-friendly price are some of the USPs that tilt the scale in favour of World Street and make it one of the most popular commercial venture in Faridabad.

Inspired by the renowned shopping streets of London & Paris, Omaxe World Street offers a slew of business options. So, whether you want to set up a pizza shop or start a tandoori outlet, or come up with a coffee stall or want to set up an office in one of the most vivacious and cheerful environments, World Street has you covered.

The shops here have elegant interiors and offer bewitching views of the surroundings. Moreover, the prices here are very reasonable even for new businesses that can expect healthy returns with less investment. 100% power backup and 24 hr. security services further add to the lure of World Street.

What makes the venue even more exciting is that it also is a shoppers’ delight with plenty of national and international brands up for grabs. A gaming zone here, on the other hand, would keep the kids entertained while world-class multiplexes would give you a world-class cinematic experience.

If there is one place that is a perfect hangout destination in Faridabad then this is it. No wonder, it has become a landmark identity of Faridabad with its popularity spreading far and wide and there would be abundant footfall from all sections of society across all ages which would give you just the opportunity to start your business with a bang or take it to the next level.

TOP REASONS TO BUY THE WORLD STREET Faridabad COMMERCIAL PROPERTY
Properties from Omaxe have it all, whether you want a home or return on investment
Commercial Complex
Play Zone
Power Backup
Car Parking
Good Connectivity
Security
Shopping Complex
Office Space
Retail Shops
Parking

Perks of Location of WORLD STREET Faridabad COMMERCIAL PROPERTY
Near Amrita Hospital & Accord Hospital Near School Shiv Nadar/Dps/Shri Ram Millanium Connectivity to Delhi Mumbai Expressway Easy Connectivity to Greater Noida Jewar Airport Nearest Metro Station Bata Chowk Near to Delhi Border

What Are The USPs Of Omaxe World Street?
100% power backup, round-the-clock security services, low-maintenance infrastructure, and availability of basic facilities like water supply and electricity at a pocket-friendly price are some of the USPs that tilt the scale in favour of World Street and make it one of the most popular commercial venture in Faridabad.
What Is The Size Of Omaxe World Street?
Spread across an area of 50 acres of land, the project is proposed to be further extended as well. Economically priced, World Street gives a wonderful opportunity to even new entrepreneurs to start their businesses in a world-class setup.
What Is The Status Of Omaxe World Street?
A ready-to-move project, Omaxe World Street has become a landmark identity of Faridabad with its popularity spreading far and wide. The venue enjoys abundant footfall from all sections of society across all ages which makes it a lively and happening position that gives just the opportunity you need to start your business with a promising note or take it to the next level.
Where Is Omaxe World Street Located?
Omaxe World Street is located in sector 79, Faridabad. Inspired by the renowned shopping streets of London & Paris, Omaxe World Street offers a slew of business options in different configurations. So, whether you want to open a food outlet, a showroom, or office space, Omaxe World Street has you covered.

OMAXSUN FARIDABAD COMMERCIAL PROPERTY
Location: World Street Sector 79 Faridabad Project Type: Office Space Project Status: Sold Out RERA Regd. No: Regd No. 76 of 2017
COMMERCIAL PROPERTY

OVERVIEW
Omaxsun is a premium and smart office space in Faridabad. A part of Omaxe World Street, an integrated commercial project in Sector 79, Faridabad, Omaxsun boasts of smart round shaped architecture that provides ample sunlight and visibility from all sides. The office spaces have been provided with all the elements necessary for the smooth functioning of a modern corporate office.

Double height entrance lobby, smart interiors, club with lifestyle amenities like cafeteria, swimming pool, spa and sauna, gym, day care/crèche make for a smooth work-life balance. High speed multiple elevators, ample parking space, 100% power back up, fire detection system with sprinklers, air filtration, 24x7 CCTV surveillance and physical security will make working hassle-free. New-age office requirements like conference rooms, automated appointments, rain water harvesting, mini pantry and washing area, wifi connectivity are some of the features that make working lively and with minimal movement for basic facilities.

Faridabad’s growing importance in the NCR region owing to its location and affordability have ensured rising interest from businesses and corporates. Located at an equidistance from Noida/Greater Noida, Gurgaon and Delhi, commuting to Faridabad will be enhanced via several connectivity infrastructure projects like FNG expressway, KMP expressway, Manjhawali bridge on Yamuna to connect to Noida/Gr. Noida, Delhi-Mumbai Expressway, DMIC, upcoming Metro rail to Gurgaon to name a few. Commuting to the operational Delhi airport and upcoming Jewar airport will be easy and convenient. 

 
TOP REASONS TO BUY THE OMAXSUN FARIDABAD COMMERCIAL PROPERTY
Properties from Omaxe have it all, whether you want a home or return on investment
Fire Safety
Conference Room
Rain Water Harvesting
100% Power Backup
CCTV Access
Security
Food Court
Grand Entrance Lobby
Air Conditioner

Perks of Location of OMAXSUN FARIDABAD COMMERCIAL PROPERTY
Drive to Fortis Escort & Metro Hospital in 10 minutes Drive to Jewar airport in 30 minutes* Connectivity to Delhi Mumbai Expressway Near School Shiv Nadar/Dps/Shri Ram Millanium Near Amrita Hospital & Accord Hospital Easy Connectivity to Greater Noida Nearest Metro Station Bata Chowk Near to Delhi Border



Lucknow

OMAXE HI STREET Lucknow COMMERCIAL PROPERTY
Location: Omaxe Metro City, Near SGPGI, Raebareli Road, Lucknow Project Type: Hotel Suites Project Status: Under Construction RERA Regd. No: Omaxe Metro City Commercial-2 Phase-4 | UPRERAPRJ461785
COMMERCIAL PROPERTY
 33.74 LAKH -  66 LAKH
ENQUIRE NOW

OVERVIEW of OMAXE HI STREET Lucknow COMMERCIAL PROPERTY
Whether you want to kick-start your business or take it to another level. There is one place you simply cannot gloss over. Omaxe Hi Street, a soon-to-come landmark construction, would transform the way the workspace is perceived in Lucknow.
Spread across an area of 14563 sq. mtrs and a part of Omaxe Metro City, Near SGPGI, Raebareli Road, Omaxe Hi Street would firmly establish Lucknow as one of the leading places to carry out businesses with ease in the country.
A top-class commercial venture, it would offer meticulously designed retail, banquet, and hotel suites spaces. Each unit of the Hotel Suite would be spread across 519 sq. ft. to 1018 sq ft. and would come with high-end luxury features. Moreover, these would have separate entry and exit so that the guests do not feel the slightest of inconvenience and enjoy their peace and privacy.
The other facilities like restaurant, restro bar, gym, card room, gaming zone, kid’s zone, arcade games, VR games, bowling alley, indoor rides, interactive games, brewery, and spa would be like the cherry on the cake and would enhance the lure of Omaxe Hi Street manifold.
The presence of retail outlets in a posh and polished environment would be a great USP of the project. Set up your shop in a plush setting and take your venture to new heights. You can also rent out the shops and take home a neat profit every month.
The strategic location connects Omaxe Hi Street to different corners of the city and makes it possible to reach the place from just about anywhere with ease. The availability of different modes of transportation further makes it easy and convenient to travel to the area without any inconvenience.
Located at one of the most up-and-coming areas in the city, Omaxe Hi Street would integrate work with leisure and would usher in a new era of work culture in Lucknow

TOP REASONS TO BUY THE OMAXE HI STREET Lucknow COMMERCIAL PROPERTYProperties from Omaxe have it all, whether you want a home or return on investment
Contemporary Elevators & Lifts
Spacious Air Conditioned Lounge
Play Zone
Restaurant
Kid Zone
Lift
Gym
Banquet Hall

Perks Of Locations of Omaxe Hi Street Lucknow Commercial Property
In six-lane outer ring road crossing the township. Proposed Metro in the vicinity. SGPGI Hospital and other medical care available in the vicinity. Chaudhary Charan Singh International Airport is just a few minutes' drive away from Omaxe metro city. Situated at the Raibarelly road Lucknow which offers a great connectivity.

What Are The Property Types Available In Omaxe Hi Street?
A top-class commercial venture, Omaxe Hi Street would offer meticulously designed retail, banquet, and hotel suites spaces. The other facilities like restaurant, restro bar, gym, card room, gaming zone, kid’s zone, arcade games, VR games, bowling alley, indoor rides, interactive games, brewery, and spa would be like the cherry on the cake and would enhance the lure of Omaxe Hi Street manifold.
What Is The Size Of Omaxe Hi Street?
Omaxe Hi Street is spread across an area of 14563 sq. mtrs and offers a wonderful investment option in commercial space in Lucknow. Whether you are a small investor, a trader, a manufacturer, or a big brand, your search for exclusive commercial space in the city ends with the glorious Omaxe Hi Street.
What Is The Status Of Omaxe Hi Street?
The project is under construction and is one of the most sought-after commercial properties in Lucknow. Equipped with a range of amenities, the project is also strategically located which makes it one of the best commercial projects to invest in Lucknow.
Where Is Omaxe Hi Street Located?
A part of Omaxe Metro City, near SGPGI, Raebareli Road, Lucknow, Omaxe Hi Street would firmly establish the city as one of the leading places to carry out businesses with ease in the country. Located at one of the most up-and-coming areas in the city, Omaxe Hi Street would integrate work with leisure and would usher in a new era of work culture in Lucknow.

OMAXE HAZRATGANJ PHASE II Lucknow COMMERCIAL PROPERTY
Location: Sector 7, Gomti Nagar Extension, Shaheed Path, Lucknow, UP Project Type: Shops & Service Apartments, Offices Project Status: Possession Started / Sold Out RERA Regd. No: UPRERAPRJ2108
COMMERCIAL PROPERTY

OVERVIEW of OMAXE HAZRATGANJ PHASE II Lucknow COMMERCIAL PROPERTY
One of the best upcoming residential projects in Gomti Nagar Extension, Lucknow, Omaxe Hazratganj Phase-II offers a wonderful investment option in the city’s real estate landscape. Gift yourself a fabulous living space in one of the most up-and-coming areas in the city in an apartment that would include also shops, service apartments, and office areas. The residential block of Hazratganj Phase II is spread over an area of 0.56 acres, forms a part of the 121 acres of the aggregated Township, and is dedicated for residential purposes.
The accommodation here would be available in 500 sq. ft. to 800 sq. ft. flats that would include innovative ventilation to ensure that fresh air and natural light reach every flat making them appear fresh and well-lit at all times. Wide balconies here, on the other hand, would not only add a dash of beauty to the construction but would also give the residents a wonderful opportunity to enjoy the fabulous views outside. The amenities offered here would be selected with great care and would ensure that those living here do not feel the slightest inconvenience and enjoy a memorable experience.
Gomti Nagar Extension enjoys a strategic location and offers easy access to a host of prominent locations. The area is also very well served by different modes of commuting which makes it very easy and convenient to travel anywhere in the city with ease. Add to it the fact that the project area is also surrounded by well-developed social amenities like education and health care centres, malls, multiplexes, market place, restaurants, etc. that can make anyone’s stay here easy and hassle-free and the role played by the location in popularizing Omaxe Hazratganj Phase II easily comes to fore.

TOP REASONS TO BUY THE OMAXE HAZRATGANJ PHASE II Lucknow COMMERCIAL PROPERTY
Properties from Omaxe have it all, whether you want a home or return on investment
Amusement Park
Shopping Mall
Lavish Offices
Car Parking
CCTV Access
Food Court
Office Space
Retail Shops
Theme Based Architecture
24 Hr Security

Perks of Location of Omaxe Hazratganj Phase II Lucknow Commercial Property
Janeshwar Mishra Park: 5 KM International cricket stadium: 2 KM Airport: 15 KM Charbagh: 10 KM

OMAXE HAZRATGANJ Lucknow COMMERCIAL PROPERTY
Location: Sec-7, Gomati Nagar Ext., Lucknow Project Type: Shops & Service Apartments, Offices Project Status: Under Construction/Sold Out RERA Regd. No: UPRERAPRJ1925
COMMERCIAL PROPERTY
OVERVIEW of OMAXE HAZRATGANJ Lucknow COMMERCIAL PROPERTY
Your search for office spaces and commercial shops in Lucknow’s prime location would end with Omaxe Hazratganj. Set in one of the most popular up-and-coming locations, Sector 7 in Gomti Nagar Extension, Omaxe Hazratganj is a state-of-the-art commercial centre that is being constructed keeping in mind the changing requirements of businesses and enterprises.

The commercial venture would be spread in an area of include office spaces and commercial shops and would be designed with international standards. The commercial centre would also cater to the demands of food and restaurant businesses.

Strategically located, the business complex would serve as a perfect destination for your business to get noticed. Surrounded by well-developed social amenities like banks, hospitals, and several other public places and hassle-free access to the city, Omaxe Hazratganj is just the venue you need to set up a store or office. The property would be laced with state-of-the-art facilities and conveniences like lifts, escalators, power backup, and everything that might be required in a modern commercial business complex.

Omaxe, in the form of Omaxe Hazratganj, has come up with a great investment opportunity for business owners and investors. The presence of numerous property options that would cater to various budget categories makes Omaxe Hazratganj a godsend for businessmen and entrepreneurs.

A new-generation project, Omaxe Hazratganj would be equipped with all the modern facilities and amenities. Strategically located, the area boasts impressive infrastructure which is superior to other commercial zones in Lucknow.

If you want to start a new venture or take it to another level, there can be no better option than Omaxe Hazratganj. This is one opportunity no businessman or entrepreneur would like to miss.

TOP REASONS TO BUY THE OMAXE HAZRATGANJ Lucknow COMMERCIAL PROPERTY
Properties from Omaxe have it all, whether you want a home or return on investment
Restaurant & Cafeteria
Water Supply
100% Power Backup
CCTV Access
Office Space
24 Hr Security
Parking
Lift

Perks of Location of Omaxe Hazratganj Lucknow Commercial Property
Janeshwar Mishra Park: 5 KM International cricket stadium: 2 KM Airport: 15 KM Charbagh: 10 KM

What Are The Property Types Available At Omaxe Hazratganj?
Omaxe Hazratganj would include office spaces and commercial shops and would be designed with international standards. The commercial centre would also cater to the demands of food and restaurant businesses.
What Is The Size Of Omaxe Hazratganj?
The commercial units at Omaxe Hazratganj would be available in 500 sq ft-1156 sq ft. and would be laced with state-of-the-art facilities and conveniences like lifts, escalators, power backup, and everything that might be required in a modern commercial business complex.
What Is The Status Of Omaxe Hazratganj?
Omaxe Waterscapes is under construction and is one of the most sought-after residential properties in Lucknow. Equipped with a range of amenities, the project is also strategically located which makes it one of the best commercial projects to invest in the city.
Where Is Omaxe Hazratganj Located?
Omaxe Hazratganj is located in Sector-7, Gomti Nagar Extension, Lucknow and is a state-of-the-art commercial centre that is being constructed keeping in mind the changing requirements of businesses and enterprises.

Bahadurgarh

OMAXE GALLERIA
Location: Omaxe City II, Jhajjar road, Sector14, Bahadurgarh Project Type: Retails Shops, Ofiice Spaces & Service Flats Project Status: Sold Out RERA Regd. No: 167
COMMERCIAL PROPERTY
OVERVIEW
Omaxe Galleria is a part of Omaxe City project and is located on Jhajjar Road, Sector 14 Bahadurgarh. Omaxe City covers a sprawling area of around 88 acres, and Galleria is a part of it. The commercial property in Bahadurgarh has an array of options from Retail Shops, Service Flats to Office Spaces. The state-of-the-art commercial hub has been designed perfectly to cater to the growing needs of the region.

Great location and connectivity to Delhi are the two prime aspects of this property. The world-class infrastructure has been associated with Omaxe to deliver the best to the people willing to invest in such property. The spacious commercial project has many attractive features, including a theme park.

Landscaping and elevation have been elegantly done to create a benchmark in the society. It has good connectivity with NH10 and power backup is also there in case the project has any unforeseen circumstance. It is also adjacent to Asia’s largest footwear park which will, in turn, offer ample business opportunities to the investors. For the convenience and security of the people, round the clock maintenance and security has been provided. There is a business lounge to entertain and socialize with others.

The skilfully designed project has 1BHK options available too along with the commercial space. The project is fully equipped with all the basic amenities for the occupants. The prime location of the project makes it a desirable option among the buyers. Omaxe always takes into account conservation of the environment and keeping this in mind, rainwater harvesting system and waste disposal system has been efficiently installed within the premises. 

TOP REASONS TO BUY THE PROPERTY OMAXE GALLERIA Bahadurgarh COMMERCIAL PROPERTY
Properties from Omaxe have it all, whether you want a home or return on investment

Strategically Designed
Commercial Complex
Power Backup
100% Power Backup
Car Parking
Prime Location
Security
Bank & ATM
Shopping Complex
Office Space

LOCATION BENEFITS & TOP REASONS TO INVEST in OMAXE GALLERIA Bahadurgarh COMMERCIAL PROPERTY
Have a glance at all the advantages of selecting our township.
Location Benefits of OMAXE GALLERIA Bahadurgarh COMMERCIAL PROPERTY
Cricket Academy: 1.5 km Big Bazaar: 2.1 km Sunshine Public School: 2.0 km



OMAXE CITY GATE Bahadurgarh Commercial Property
Location: Sector 15 , Bahadurgarh Project Type: Shops, Offices & Service Apartments Project Status: Sold Out RERA Regd. No: 138
COMMERCIAL PROPERTY

OVERVIEW Omaxe City Gate project is situated in Sector 15 Bahadurgarh that primarily consists of service apartments and shops in varying sizes. The entire concept of shopping has been revolutionized by this project. All the big names in the retail segment can be seen under one roof. Office space in Bahadurgarh suits the needs of the consumers and is easily accessible. The big showrooms have been constructed to fulfill all your desires.
The commercial shops in Bahadurgarh have been provided with all the necessary elements required for the smooth functioning of an office. All your shopping needs can be fulfilled here as it is now the one and only benchmark known for commercial needs. The office space for sale in Bahadurgarh can easily be adjusted to suit the needs of the individual as they are unique in their own aspect. The total area covered by this commercial project accounts for more than 5 acres.
Around 4 acres has just been left for the green cover through parks and landscaping. The complete project is under CCTV surveillance with round the clock security. Separate electricity and water meter have been provided for each one of the properties for ease of access. In case of any unforeseen circumstances, full power backup is also available. So, a total of 3 floors have been dedicated in this project, and the properties are north east facing.
The shops are available in the basement and the ground floor. Rainwater Harvesting and Waste Disposal Management are two prime aspects Omaxe is known for. Almost all the Omaxe projects have these two systems to make sure the environment people are living in is healthy and clean.

TOP REASONS TO BUY THE PROPERTY OMAXE CITY GATE Bahadurgarh COMMERCIAL PROPERTY
Properties from Omaxe have it all, whether you want a home or return on investment

Rain Water Harvesting
100% Power Backup
Car Parking
Prime Location
Good Connectivity
Location
Shopping Complex
Food Court
24 Hr Security
Parking

Perks of Location of OMAXE CITY GATE Bahadurgarh COMMERCIAL PROPERTY
PDM General Hospital: 2.4 KM PDM University: 1.5 KM Sunshine Public School: 5.0 KM
























